Boots and Saddles=1937-10-04=Young Englishman inherits ranch which he wants to sell, but Gene's gonna turn him into a real westerner instead. When new owner Spud arrives from England, Autry convinces him not to sell the ranch but to raise horses for the Army. When both Autry's and Neale's bids are the same, the Colonel calls for a race to decide the winner. But that night Neale has Autry's stable burned.
Oliver Twist=1999-11-28=Based on Charles Dickens' novel, this adaptation traces the childhood of an orphan whose mother dies giving birth to him in an English work-house in the 1820s.
Free Willy 3: The Rescue=1997-08-08=Willy the whale is back, this time threatened by illegal whalers making money off sushi. Jesse, now 16, has taken a job on an orca-researching ship, along with old friend Randolph and a sarcastic scientist, Drew. On the whaler's ship is captain John Wesley and his son, Max, who isn't really pleased about his father's job, but doesn't have the gut to say so. Along the way, Willy reunites with Jesse
Astérix chez les Bretons=1986-12-03=One little ancient British village still holds out against the Roman invaders. Asterix and Obelix are invited to help. They must face fog, rain, warm beer and boiled boar with mint sauce, but they soon have Governor Encyclopaedius Britannicus's Romans declining and falling. Until a wild race for a barrel of magic potion lands them in the drink.
A Very Merry Mix-Up=2013-11-10=Shop owner Alice Chapman is nervous to meet her future in-laws at Christmas, especially because she is arriving ahead of her new fiance Will Mitchum. Alices trip becomes more stressful when her luggage is lost and her phone is damaged, leaving her no way to find Wills family!
A Very Potter Sequel=2010-07-22=Harry and his pals are back for more adventure than ever when they face off against dark wizards, demented monsters, and the most horrible woman in the world, Dolores Umbridge! So strap on your diapers because it's time to go back to Hogwarts!
A Guide To Recognizing Your Saints=2006-09-29=Dito Montiel, a successful author, receives a call from his long-suffering mother, asking him to return home and visit his ailing father. Dito recalls his childhood growing up in a violent neighborhood in Queens, N.Y., with friends Antonio, Giuseppe, Nerf and Mike.
Isi/Disi - Amor a lo bestia=2004-07-23=Will love compromise one man's devotion to heavy rock? That's the all-important question behind this broad comedy from Spain. Isi (Santiago Segura) and Disi (Florentino Fernandez) are two best friends who live in a lower middle-class neighborhood near Madrid. Isi and Disi aren't especially bright, but their devotion to heavy metal is complete and unquestioned, and they wouldn't be caught dead listening to a lame pop singer like, say , Joaquin Sabina. However, one day Isi sees Vane (Jaydy Michel), a beautiful girl who attends a nearby college, and immediately falls head over heels in love.
Saw IV=2007-10-25=Jigsaw and his apprentice Amanda are dead. Now, upon the news of Detective Kerry's murder, two seasoned FBI profilers, Agent Strahm and Agent Perez, arrive in the terrified community to assist the veteran Detective Hoffman in sifting through Jigsaw's latest grisly remains and piecing together the puzzle. However, when SWAT Commander Rigg is abducted and thrust into a game, the last officer untouched by Jigsaw has but ninety minutes to overcome a series of demented traps and save an old friend...or face the deadly consequences.
舞妓Haaaan!!!=2007-06-16="Kimihiko Onizuka is a salaryman infatuated with maiko (apprentice geisha) and whose greatest goal in life is to play a party game called ""yakyuken"" with one."
Rated X: A Journey Through Porn=1999-09-09=Director Dag Yngvesson begins making a documentary about the porn industry, until he is asked by a desperate director to shoot film for his next adult movie. After agreeing, he is led deeper and deeper into the world of porn, speaking frankly with many of the industries most famous icons (Jeanna Fine, Bill Margold) and a 19-year-old newcomer named Selena who discusses her career choice on film with her mother. Viewers are invited into many areas of the industry previously not discussed including the private lives of its stars and the inner workings of the industry, in particular how directors go about casting their stars.
Louis Theroux: Law and Disorder in Philadelphia=2008-10-29=Louis visits on of America’s most crime-ridden cities in this installment of Law and Disorder.
Pixels=2010-04-01=New York City is invaded by 8-bit creatures.
Max=2015-06-26=A dog that helped soldiers in Afghanistan returns to the U.S. and is adopted by his handler's family after suffering a traumatic experience.
Del amor y otros demonios=2009-03-26=Based on Gabriel García Márquez's novel, this is the unsettling story of 13-year-old noble Sierva and the dog bite that changes her life forever. Abandoned, displaced, in the midst of a sexual awakening and finally exorcised, Sierva finds an unlikely ally in a young priest and together they discover passion.
L'ultima orgia del III Reich=1977-01-21=Lise Cohen is taken to a special prisoner-of-war camp for female Jews, a camp run as a bordello to entertain the German officers and troops going in to battle. The camp is run with an iron fist by Commandant Starker and his minion Alma. Starker becomes frustrated when Lise demonstrates no fear, and devises cruel experiments to scare her, to no avail. Once she realizes her guilt is unfounded, Lise begins to play Starker's game, but even though she begins living a better life, she doesn't forget the atrocities she has seen and experienced.
Kiki=1926-04-04=Kiki, a poor young woman who sells newspapers on the street corners of Paris, is able to land a job singing and dancing at a nearby theater. While she is there, she invites herself into the life of the revue's manager, with whom she has fallen in love.
Wilson=2017-03-24=Middle-aged and divorced, Wilson finds himself lonely, smug and obsessed with his past.
Capitalism: A Love Story=2009-09-06=Michael Moore's Capitalism: A Love Story comes home to the issue he's been examining throughout his career: the disastrous impact of corporate dominance on the everyday lives of Americans (and by default, the rest of the world).
The Malibu Bikini Shop=1986-11-01=After inheriting a failing bikini shop, two recent grads decide to make a go of it. One, in the hopes of building it into a successful business, the other, in the hopes of getting to look at lots of women in (and out) of swimsuits. As they try more and more outrageous ways of drumming up business, their antics begin attracting some unwanted attention. Written by Jean-Marc Rocher
Finsteres Glück=2016-11-22=Late at night, the psychologist Eliane Hess is called to the hospital to take care of Yves, an eight-year-old boy, who just has lost his parents and siblings in a car accident. Eliane is both shocked and curiously drawn to the traumatized boy. As time goes by, she loses the professional distance to the patient, and when Yves' relatives begin a heavy dispute about the boy's future, Eliane makes an unorthodox decision, that throws her life off track.
Necronomicon - Geträumte Sünden=1968-04-19=Janine Reynaud stars as a nightclub stripper who free-floats through a spectral 60's landscape littered with dream-figures, dancing midgets and bizarre S&amp;M games.
Humraaz=2002-07-26=A wealthy industrialist and business man named Raj Singhania lives in Bombay, India. He reaches up with a music band in which Karan Malhotra is the leader and Priya is his right-hand and sweetheart. Karan finds that it is not easy to achieve one's merit. A contract made between the two for his band to sing on a crusade for Raj. He agrees to do so and later on conspire with his girlfriend Priya to take over Raj vast estate by setting up his girlfriend to marry Raj fakely. On a chance encounter one day Raj and Priya both meet, where by Raj fall head over heals in love with Priya.
Tosun Paşa=1976-01-01="Late 19th century in Alexandria. Two traditionally rival Turkish families, ""Seferoglu""s and ""Tellioglu""s are competing for the ""Green Valley"". The winner will be determined by Daver Bey, who has a beautiful young daughter, Leyla. Both families try to arrange a marriage between a man from their family and Leyla, so that Daver Bey will be inclined to give the green valley to his ""relatives"". Tellioglus, who are behind in the race, desperately find a final solution: They will fake their idiotic butler, Saban, as the highest ranked Ottoman soldier in Egypt: Tosun Pasha."
13/13/13=2013-09-30=It's the 13th month of the 13th year of the new millennium.
Adam=2009-07-29=Adam, a lonely man with Asperger's Syndrome, develops a relationship with his upstairs neighbor, Beth.
The Sea Gull=1968-12-23=Film adaptation of Anton Chekhov's story of life in rural Russia during the latter part of the 19th century.
The Pit=1981-10-23=Twelve year-old Jamie Benjamin is a solitary misunderstood boy in his preteens. His classmates pick on him, his neighbors think he's weird and his parents ignore him. But now Jamie has a secret weapon: deep in the woods he has discovered a deep pit full of man-eating creatures he calls Trogs... and it isn't long before he gets an idea for getting revenge and feeding the Trogs in the process!
Gentleman Jim=1942-11-14=As bareknuckled boxing enters the modern era, brash extrovert Jim Corbett uses new rules and dazzlingly innovative footwork to rise to the top of the top of the boxing world.
Kicking & Screaming=2005-05-13=Phil Weston has been unathletic his entire life. In college he failed at every sport that he tried out for. It looks like his 10-year old son, Sam, is following in his footsteps. But with becoming the coach of The Soccers, an already successful soccer team, everything changes.
Dear Heart=1964-12-02=A lonely Ohio spinster hopes to find romance when she travels to New York City for a postmasters' convention.
A Most Violent Year=2014-12-30=A thriller set in New York City during the winter of 1981, statistically one of the most violent years in the city's history, and centered on a the lives of an immigrant and his family trying to expand their business and capitalize on opportunities as the rampant violence, decay, and corruption of the day drag them in and threaten to destroy all they have built.
Dust to Glory=2005-04-01=An action-adventure documentary chronicling the most notorious and dangerous race in the world--the Tecate SCORE Baja 1000. Rivaling the Indy 500 and 25 Hours of Daytona, the race across Baja's peninsula is unpredictable, grueling and raw--just like the uncharted American West of yesteryear.
Ha-shoter=2011-07-09=A member of an Israeli anti-terrorist unit clashes with a group of young radicals.
A Royal Scandal=1945-03-26=Catherine the Great falls in love with an army officer who is plotting against her.
North Dallas Forty=1979-08-03=A semi-fictional account of life as a professional Football (American-style) player. Loosely based on the Dallas Cowboys team of the early 1970s.
Mike Tyson: Undisputed Truth=2013-12-01=Mike Tyson's one-man show is a fascinating journey into his storied life and career.  MIKE TYSON: UNDISPUTED TRUTH is a rare, personal look inside the life and mind of one of the most feared men ever to wear the heavyweight crown. Directed by Academy Award® nominee Spike Lee, this riveting one-man show goes beyond the headlines, behind the scenes and between the lines to deliver a must-see theatrical knockout.
This Island Earth=1955-06-01=Aliens have landed and are hiding on Earth, but need Earth’s scientists to help them fight an inter-planetary war.
The Flamingo Kid=1984-12-21=Brooklyn teenager Jeffrey Willis, thoroughly unhappy with his modest homestead, embraces the other-world aspects of his summer job at the posh Flamingo Club. He spurns his father in favor of the patronage of smooth-talking Phil Brody and is seduced by the ample bikini charms of club member Carla Samson. But thanks to a couple of late-summer hard lessons, the teen eventually realizes that family should always come first.
Skin Trade=2014-11-07=After his family is killed by a Serbian gangster with international interests. NYC detective Nick goes to S.E. Asia and teams up with a Thai detective to get revenge and destroy the syndicates human trafficking network.
Drive, He Said=1971-06-13=Hector is a star basketball player for the College basketball team he plays for, the Leopards. His girlfriend, Olive, doesn't know whether to stay with him or leave him. And his friend, Gabriel, who may have dropped out from school and become a protestor, wants desperately not to get drafted for Vietnam.
Kicking and Screaming=1995-10-06=After college graduation, Grover's girlfriend Jane tells him she's moving to Prague to study writing. Grover declines to accompany her, deciding instead to move in with several friends, all of whom can't quite work up the inertia to escape their university's pull. Nobody wants to make any big decisions that would radically alter his life, yet none of them wants to end up like Chet, the professional student who tends bar and is in his tenth year of university studies.
Μέδουσα=1998-11-15=In this wry retelling of the ancient Medusa myth, strange, clothed statues of men are appearing all over Greece. Only Perseus, a leader of a gang of modern Athenian thieves, with a strange childhood, holds the answer to the mystery--and it has something to do with beautiful, long-haired women in black. One night his group breaks into the house of one such creature. Filled with low-key humor and suspense, Medusa unfolds in a simple and tantalizing way
La batalla de Chile: La lucha de un pueblo sin armas - Primera parte: La insurrección de la burguesía=1975-03-18=Documents the rise of the right-wing movement against Allende.
Steven Wright: When the Leaves Blow Away=2006-10-21=Dry, wry and hilariously deadpan, Steven Wright unleashes a torrent of ironic and hysterical thought-provoking one-liners in the quirky stand-up style that has become his trademark. From Toronto's historic Elgin Theater, this Oscar-winning comedian keeps an adoring audience in stitches with random observations on everything from baby monitors as a form of wiretapping to his addiction to placebos.
Città violenta=1970-09-17=A hitman is double-crossed by his girlfriend and barely escapes a murder attempt. He then sets out to take his revenge on the woman and the gang boss who put her up to it.
Salute=2008-07-17=The black power salute by Tommie Smith and John Carlos at the 1968 Mexico Olympics was an iconic moment in the US civil rights struggle. Far less known is the part in that episode in history played by Peter Norman, the white Australian on the podium who had run second — and the price paid afterward by all three athletes.
Очень русский детектив=2008-11-20=A retired detective is trying to catch a serial killer who uses Russian letters to find his victims.
Akibiyori=1960-11-13=The great actress and Ozu regular Setsuko Hara plays a mother gently trying to persuade her daughter to marry in this glowing portrait of family love and conflict—a reworking of Ozu’s 1949 masterpiece Late Spring.
Into Pitch Black=2000-01-30="A policeman is assigned by his superior officer to find and apprehend escaped convict Richard B. Riddick, Riddick was being transported on-board space transport vessel ""Hunter-Gratzner"" carrying on-board 40 people, where a bounty hunter named Johns who captured him was escorting him to the penal colony ""Slam City"" and claim the bounty on his head. But the ""Hunter-Gratzner"" was struck by a meteor shower and crashed on a desert planet, where Riddick and 10 survivors were marooned. The policeman decides to hire a female bounty hunter to track down and capture Riddick alive. The female bounty hunter begins to suspect there is something more behind the ""Hunter-Gratzner"" incident and learns one of the survivors, Paris P. Ogilive was carrying on-board ""Hunter-Gratzner"" a priceless collection of artifacts and learns the back-stories of the 10 survivors as well as Riddick."
La symphonie pastorale=1946-09-26=A minister falls in love with a blind young woman he sheltered, but so does his son.
Un povero ricco=1983-01-01=Pozzetto is a rich man obsessed by the idea of becoming poor. So, his psychiatric suggests him to leave home and live just like a poor man for some days. He will then become familiar with this way of living, and fear less the idea of becoming poor. So he does, and his old family &amp; friends soon forget about him. They don't miss him at all.
Love's Deadly Triangle: The Texas Cadet Murder=1997-02-20=Based on a true story, this film recounts the story of Diane Zamora and David Graham, two high school sweethearts who swear to always be together, even as they enter separate military academies. But when David confesses he had an affair with a classmate, Diane has an ultimatum, leading the two into a murderous pact with severe repercussions.
Mom at Sixteen=2005-03-01=Pregnant sixteen year old Jacey's well-meaning mother forces her to keep the birth a secret and decides to raise the baby as her own.
Börn=2006-09-09=Icelandic writer-director Ragnar Bragason's dark, brooding ensemble drama Börn (AKA Children) follows the entangled lives of a group of lower-rung citizens of Reykjavik as they struggle to just barely keep their heads above water, but all too often succeed in spiritually drowning, through a constant stream of poor decisions.
Tezaab=1988-11-11=Mahesh Deshmukh has joined the nation's armed forces as that he can honestly and patriotically serve the country. During his college days he has a run-in with fellow-collegian Mohini. A bet between his friends and himself ends up with him falling in love with Mohini, who subsequently realizes that he indeed has fallen in love with her, and she too reciprocates. Mohini's dad is an alcoholic and wishes that Mohini takes up dancing and prostitution so that he can get his daily dose of alchol. Mohini attempts to take refuge with Mahesh, however, cirumstances tangle Mahesh to such an extent that he is arrested, charged, and sentenced to stay away from Bombay city limits. When Mahesh returns, it is no longer the honest, and patriotic Mahesh, but a gangster named Munna, who has many old scores to settle.
Doctor Who: The Husbands of River Song=2015-12-25=It’s Christmas Day on a remote human colony and the Doctor is hiding from Christmas Carols and Comedy Antlers. But when a crashed spaceship calls upon the Doctor for help, he finds himself recruited into River Song’s squad and hurled into a fast and frantic chase across the galaxy. King Hydroflax is furious, and his giant Robot bodyguard is out-of-control and coming for them all! Will Nardole survive? And when will River Song work out who the Doctor is? All will be revealed on a starliner full of galactic super-villains and a destination the Doctor has been avoiding for a very long time.
The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl=2005-06-10=Everyone always knew that Max had a wild imagination, but no one believed that his wildest creations -- a boy raised by watchful great white sharks and a girl with the force of a volcano -- were real. Now, these two pint-sized action masters will show Max that even an ordinary kid has what it takes to be extraordinary.
カタクリ家の幸福=2001-10-31=The Katakuri family has just opened their guest house in the mountains. Unfortunately their first guest commits suicide and in order to avoid trouble they decide to bury him in the backyard. Things get way more complicated when their second guest, a famous sumo wrestler, dies while having sex with his underage girlfriend and the grave behind the house starts to fill up more and more.
Shock Waves=1977-07-15=Visitors to a remote island discover that a reclusive Nazi commandant has been breeding a group of zombie soldiers.
Naughty or Nice=2012-12-24=Krissy Kringle receives a delivery intended for Santa Claus.  A magical book that shows if a person has been naughty or nice.  She uses the book's power to find out about those around her, which leads to some very unusual and unintended results.  Krissy realizes that everyone has some good and some not so good in them.
Wojna swiatów - nastepne stulecie=1981-09-29=Film opens on December 18, 1999, just a few days before the dawn of the new century. A local reporter, Iron Idem, announces that the Martians have landed. Shortly after that his program loses its independence: he is given the script telling the crowds how to welcome the invaders.
Jack the Giant Killer=2013-03-12=A giant beanstalk brings Jack to a land in the clouds filled with snarling, evil beasts. When the creatures make their way to the ground, Jack must figure out how to get back down before they destroy earth and everyone in it.
Батальонъ=2015-02-20=Russia, 1917, WWI. This is the story of the 1st Russian Women's Battalion of Death, formed as part of an ill-conceived propaganda ploy by the Russian Provisional Government in late May of 1917.
Khon Fai Bin=2006-11-09=The story is set in 1890s Siam. Siang is a young Muay Thai warrior and rocketry expert who steals back water buffalo taken from poor Isan farmers by unscrupulous cattle raiders. He is searching for a man with a tattoo who killed his parents.
Ani Ohev Otach Rosa=1972-02-12=This story centers on the Jewish practice that requires an unmarried brother to marry the childless widow of his dead brother. In this story the younger brother is only 12 years old when his brother dies. The requirement is avoided by a legal fiction, but as time passes in the story, the situation changes.
The Smallest Show on Earth=1957-04-09=Jean and Bill are a married couple trying to scrape a living. Out of the blue they receive a telegram informing them Bill's long-lost uncle has died and left them his business - a cinema in the town of Sloughborough. Unfortunately they can't sell it for the fortune they hoped as they discover it is falling down and almost worthless.
Pride of the Marines=1945-08-24=Al Schmid is a happy go lucky guy in Philadephia in 1941. He likes his life, despite his landlady's attempts to get him married off. One day he meets Ruth and she steals his heart. Pearl Harbor changes all their lives, as Al joins the Marines. His unit defeats a japanese attempt to retake gualcanal, but he is blinded in the action. Al has to struggle to adjust to life as a blind man and he breaks up with Ruth, but with the help of a red cross worker, his best friend Lee Diamond , he sees that his sacrifice was not in vain and he and Ruth are reunited
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade=1989-05-24=When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana must team up with Marcus Brody, Sallah and Elsa Schneider to follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life.
Single Santa Seeks Mrs. Claus=2004-01-01=Nick's plan to let fate bring his wife to him must be altered because he must replace his father as Santa Claus on December 26. Ernst, the right-hand man to several generations of Santas, generates a list of potential mates. Nick dutifully sets off to meet them, but fate may have a candidate after all.
Plug=2014-10-25=On a post-apocalyptic Earth, Leila Dawn (Natalie Floyd), is the only human survivor. Raised by Robots after humanity abandoned the planet they destroyed with nuclear warfare, Leila cannot forget her parents nor ignore her yearning to find other organic life. A hunt she sets out on with Swat Team robot, Marker (Lex Cassar), leads Leila to discover a human disguised as Robot, Ray (Jake Lyall), and the reality she's been denied-a reality that sparks her ultimate quest. PLUG is a short film from acclaimed science-fiction film art director, David Levy (Tron Legacy, Prometheus, Enders Game, Tomorrow Land). It is the first installment of Levy's yet to be produced epic series/feature, which follows Leila on her quest to reunite with humanity and the impossible choices she must make about her allegiances - Human or Robot.
Bilitis=1977-03-16=A coming of age story centering on the exploits of a young girl during summer vacation.
Marie Krøyer=2012-09-26=Marie Krøyer is hailed as “the most beautiful woman in Europe” and leads a happy marriage life with her husband the great Danish painter P.S. Krøyer and an adorable daughter. However, not everything in her world is as perfect as it seems, and Marie’s life is crumbling as her dreams of a beloved wife, good mother and successful artist are unfulfilled. After hospitalizing her mentally ill husband Marie leaves for vacation, and in search for peace and comfort she finds herself falling in love with the young composer Hugo Alfven. Once again, internationally acclaimed Bille August exhibits the weaknesses of human beings in comparison to the ruthless nature. The grandeur scenery of deserted Scandinavian oceans speaks in volumes for the protagonists living in silence despite their lives being full of pains.
Mustafa Hakkında Her Şey=2004-03-19=A man is forced to confront his past after he loses everything in an accident. Mustafa is a successful business man living a seemingly great life with his family when an accident takes it all away from him and leaves him with many questions and a cab driver, Fikret, who can answer it all. Mustafa is due to get a lot more than what he bargained for, however, as his interrogations take him to long-forgotten childhood memories and force him to see his formerly perfect life from a very different perspective.
The Women=1939-01-01=Wealthy Mary Haines is unaware her husband is having an affair with shopgirl Crystal Allen. Sylvia Fowler and Edith Potter discover this from a manicurist and arrange for Mary to hear the gossip. On the train taking her to a Reno divorce Mary meets the Countess and Miriam (in an affair with Fowler's husband). While they are at Lucy's dude ranch, Fowler arrives for her own divorce and the Countess meets fifth husband-to-be Buck. Back in New York, Mary's ex is now unhappily married to Crystal who is already in an affair with Buck.
Ulvova mylläri=1982-11-05=The main character is a miller, who sometimes acts strangely but is otherwise a goodhearted hardworking honest man. He sometimes keeps the villagers up all night by howling. Finally the villagers decide that the miller has to be committed into a mental hospital, where the hero does not have to spend too much time until he escapes. The miller takes to the woods near his home but there he is constantly harassed by the chief of the police with his posse.
Eye of the Needle=1981-07-24=A ruthless German spy, trying to get out of Britain with vital information about D-Day, must spend time with a young woman and her crippled husband.
The Nature of Existence=2010-01-01=After exploring the phenomenon of TREKKIES, filmmaker Roger Nygard takes on The Nature of Existence. As he roams the globe to the source of each of the world's philosophies, religions, and belief systems, Nygard interviews spiritual leaders, scholars, scientists, artists, pizza chefs, and others who have influenced, inspired, or freaked out humanity.
Picnic=1955-11-18=The morning of a small town Labor Day picnic, a drifter (Hal Carter) blows into town to visit an old fraternity buddy (Alan Benson) who also happens to be the son of the richest man in town. Hal is an egocentric braggart - all potential and no accomplishment. He meets up with Madge Owens, the town beauty queen and girlfriend of Alan Benson.
Fyra nyanser av brunt=2004-01-25=Four stories, all related to fatherhood, are presented: A father tries to stimulate his son by bringing him to his workplace with disastrous consequences. Richard Brunn and his wife, who run a design hotel, suffer a strained relationship as his parents visit. An extended family is gathered to find out who will inherit the wealth of a famous jockey. A cooking class develops into a therapy session.
America=1924-02-21=The story of a family caught up in the American Revolutionary War.
Punk Vacation=1990-05-01=A peaceful California town is shaken after the brutal murder of diner owner by a gang of vicious punks. When the daughter of the slain man attempts to avenge her father’s death, she’s held hostage by the gang resulting in an epic battle between punks and rednecks.
Un Bonheur n'arrive jamais seul=2012-06-27=Sacha is a real seducer, a man with no ties or emotional or professional. Charlotte is a modern and independent woman, but barely has time to care for their three children. While Sacha and Charlotte are, at first glance, two incompatible beings, when they meet soon discover that they are quite complementary and need each other.
L'une chante, l'autre pas=1977-03-09=In this story of friendship and reproductive rights, 14 years in the relationship between two very dissimilar women are chronicled. Pauline (Valerie Mairesse) is a middle-class city girl, at odds with her very conventional family. Suzanne (Therese Liotard) is several years older, a country girl with two illegitimate children and another (whom she cannot support) on the way. Pauline loans Suzanne money for an (illegal) abortion. At this point, the two separate and communicate mainly through postcards. Some years later, they meet at an abortion rally, and they have many adventures and stories to share with one another.
Budbringeren=1997-02-21=Dimwitted, somewhat misanthropic Oslo mail carrier Roy's quiet life changes dramatically on the day he steals a set of keys and lets himself into the apartment of a deaf woman who seems to be in trouble with a psychotic criminal. Though he doesn't know it at the time, his and her fate are about to intertwine and this is not going to be to his benefit.
Rich, Young and Pretty=1951-07-09=A rancher's daughter visits Paris to meet her mother and find love.
Derailed=2005-11-11=When two married business executives having an affair are blackmailed by a violent criminal, they are forced to turn the tables on him to save their families.
After=2009-10-23=Manuel (Tristán Ulloa), Ana (Blanca Romero) and Julio (Guillermo Toledo) get together in a warm summer night after not having seen each other for a while and set off to explore the night. Manuel has a 4 yr-old boy, a wife and a beautiful home, Julio is a top executive at an International company and Ana has a boyfriend who she loves and also leads a very comfortable life. Although the three friends have everything apparently necessary to be happy, they feel dissatisfied and extremely lonely. They are incapable of assuming their adult lives and enjoying life as every time they reach a new stage, they eagerly observe that they are still desperately waiting for the next one. They escape towards adolescence as the only way to get rid of their ghosts. After is the last stop, the last open bar. The end of the journey.
The Last of Robin Hood=2013-09-06=Errol Flynn, the swashbuckling Hollywood star and notorious ladies man, flouted convention all his life, but never more brazenly than in his last years when, swimming in vodka and unwilling to face his mortality, he undertook a liaison with an aspiring actress, Beverly Aadland. The two had a high-flying affair that spanned the globe and was enabled by the girl's fame-obsessed mother, Florence. It all came crashing to an end in October 1959, when events forced the relationship into the open, sparking an avalanche of publicity castigating Beverly and her mother - which only fed Florence's need to stay in the spotlight.
Oh Heavenly Dog=1980-07-11="Browning is a PI with a bad cold, who's sent to investigate a case by a mysterious client.  He stumbles across the body of a young woman and is stabbed to death, and when he wakes up in heaven, they tell him he's ""marginal material,"" and they can only decide on his final destination through one last assignment: to go back and solve his own murder. As a dog. A cute fluffy little dog (Benji). Undaunted, Browning begins to investigate the case as best he can around his canine disabilities (dialing the phone presents a special challenge) to solve the murders, save the girl, and see justice done."
Trafic=1971-04-16=Mr. Hulot is the head designer of the Altra Automotive Co. His latest invention is a newfangled camper car loaded with outrageous extra features. Along with the company's manager and publicity model, Hulot sets out from Paris with the intention of debuting the car at the annual auto show in Amsterdam. The going isn't easy, however, and the group encounters an increasingly bizarre series of hurdles and setbacks en route.
Forgetting Sarah Marshall=2008-04-17=When Sarah Marshall dumps aspiring musician Peter Bretter for rock star Aldous Snow, Peter's world comes crashing down. His best friend suggests that Peter should get away from everything and to fly off to Hawaii to escape all his problems. After arriving in Hawaii and meeting the beautiful Rachel Jansen, Peter is shocked to see not only Aldous Snow in Hawaii, but also Sarah Marshall.
The Ring=2002-10-18=It sounded like just another urban legend: A videotape filled with nightmarish images, leading to a phone call foretelling the viewer's death in exactly seven days. As a newspaper reporter, Rachel Keller was naturally skeptical of the story, until four teenagers all met with mysterious deaths exactly one week after watching just such a tape. Allowing her investigative curiosity to get the better of her, Rachel tracks down the video... and watches it. Now she has just seven days to unravel the mystery of the Ring.
The Bourne Ultimatum=2007-08-03=Bourne is brought out of hiding once again by reporter Simon Ross who is trying to unveil Operation Blackbriar, an upgrade to Project Treadstone, in a series of newspaper columns. Information from the reporter stirs a new set of memories, and Bourne must finally uncover his dark past while dodging The Company's best efforts to eradicate him.
Naughty @ 40=2011-04-14=Laxminarayan Kapoor lives a wealthy lifestyle in London along with his religious wife, Maya; son Ravinder; and two nephews, Sandeep and Randeep. While the nephews have adapted themselves to the country and women, Ravinder is still a virgin at 40, and is a sleep-walker. After getting his leg pulled constantly, he asks his father to get him married, and is introduced to a statuesque beauty - who rejects him after discovering his sleep-walking disorder. His parents then get him married to Gauri, and he hopes to end his celibacy, in vain albeit, as she turns out to be child-like and naive. Frustrated, unable to get intimate he befriends a Caucasian female, Sharon, and decides to marry her. Watch what response he gets, and the impact this has on everyone.
기담=2007-08-01=Dr. Jung Nam finds a photo album dating back to his days as an intern at the Ansaeng Hospital. This triggers memories of his life. In 1942, as a young medical intern, Jung-Nam's arranged marriage ended when his fiancée, whom he had never met, committed suicide. Later he was assigned to monitor the morgue late at night. There he fell in love with a corpse, which is later revealed as the body of his deceased fiancée. Soon other mysterious events take place in the hospital, involving a young girl haunted by ghosts and a serial killer targeting Japanese soldiers.
ラブひな クリスマススペシャル ～サイレント・イヴ～=2000-12-24=As another round of preliminary tests approach for Keitaro, so does Christmas. And as the first Christmas of the millennium, there is a rumor that if one confesses his love on this special eve it will come true. Keitaro has decided what he needs to do on this Christmas eve. But being a re-taker, can he afford taking attention away from the tests on the same day?
The Matchmaker=1958-08-12=Thornton Wilder's tale of a matchmaker who desires the man she's supposed to be pairing with another woman.
踏血尋梅=2015-11-13=A grizzled detective works to solve the murder of a 16-year-old Hunan girl.
Obsessed=2009-04-24=Things couldn't be better for Derek Charles. He's just received a big promotion at work, and has a wonderful marriage with his beautiful wife, Sharon. However, into this idyllic world steps Lisa, a temporary worker at Derek's office. Lisa begins to stalk Derek, jeopardizing all he holds dear.
Deadgirl=2008-09-06=When high school misfits Rickie and JT decide to ditch school and find themselves lost in the crumbling facility of a nearby abandoned hospital, they come face-to-face with a gruesome discovery: a body of a woman stripped naked, chained to a table and covered in plastic and soon realize she is anything but dead. Quickly the boys find themselves embarking on a twisted yet poignant journey testing the limits of their friendship, and forces both to decide just how far they're willing to stretch their understanding of right and wrong.
Penitentiary=1979-12-01=A hitchhiker named Martel Gordone gets in a fight with two bikers over a prostitute, and one of the bikers is killed. Gordone is arrested and sent to prison, where he joins the prison's boxing team in an effort to secure an early parole and to establish his dominance over the prison's toughest gang.
Les Boys=1997-12-12=Every Monday night The Boys put on skates and leave their troubled lives behind.
The Act of Seeing with One's Own Eyes=1971-01-01=At a morgue, forensic pathologists conduct autopsies of the corpses assigned.
Stay=2013-09-08=A woman finds out she's pregnant and returns home when the expected father wants nothing to do with her.
Ms. Matched=2016-06-04=A successful wedding planner is trying to make dreams come true for brides by organizing fairy tale weddings. But when she is paired with a financial advisor at a wedding expo, she soon realizes that he is giving the exact opposite advice to their audience by telling them to save their money. When they are forced to spend a lot of time together, they find out that they have more in common than they think.
We Own the Night=2007-05-25=A New York nightclub manager tries to save his brother and father from Russian mafia hitmen.
Pal Joey=1957-10-25="Frank Sinatra, at the zenith of his cocky, world-on-a-string popularity, glides through the film with breezy nonchalance, romancing showgirl Kim Novak (Columbia Pictures' new sex symbol) and wealthy widow Rita Hayworth (Columbia Pictures' former sex symbol). The film also benefits from location shooting in San Francisco, caught in the moonlight-and-supper-club glow of the late '50s. Sinatra does beautifully with the Rodgers and Hart classics ""I Didn't Know What Time It Was"" and ""I Could Write a Book,"" and his performance of ""The Lady Is a Tramp"" (evocatively shot by director George Sidney) is flat-out genius. Sinatra's ease with hep-cat lingo nearly outdoes Bing Crosby at his best, and included in the DVD is a trailer in which Sinatra instructs the audience in ""Joey's Jargon,"" a collection of hip slang words such as ""gasser"" and ""mouse."" If not one of Sinatra's very best movies, Pal Joey is nevertheless a classy vehicle that fits like a glove"
Élisa=1995-02-01=Marie has had a tough childhood ever since her mother Elisa committed suicide. She has spent most of her life in an orphanage and now makes a living as a small time criminal in Paris. Now she wants to unravel her past and find her father whom she blames for her mother's death.
Fracchia contro Dracula=1985-12-20=Fracchia is desperate: he has to sell a house within three days, or otherwise his boss will fire him. Mister Filini comes to him, but he asks the impossible, a house with at least five bathrooms for a few thousand dollars. Incredibly, they find a house, a castle in Transylvania which happens to be own by a count Vlad... Filini doesn't want to buy the castle without seeing it first, so the two of them travel to Transylvania, where they meet the count and his sister, who has a crush on Fracchia and decides to marry him! Meanwhile, the sister of a vampire hunter who was killed by Dracula is seeking to revenge her brother.
The Little Princess=1939-03-17=The classic Shirley Temple film in which a little girl goes in search of her father who is reported missing by the military during World War I.
Gay Purr-ee=1962-10-24=Mouser Jaone Tom and housecat Mewsette are living in the French country side, but Mewsette wants to experience the refinement and excitement of the Paris living. But upon arrival she falls into the clutches of Meowrice. Jaune Tom and his friend Robespierre set off to Paris to find her.
Life Stinks=1991-07-26=A rich businessman makes a bet he can survive on the streets of a rough Los Angeles neighborhood for 30 days completely penniless. During his stay he discovers another side of life and falls in love with with a homeless woman.
Frailty=2001-11-17="A man confesses to an FBI agent his family's story of how his religious fanatic father's visions lead to a series of murders to destroy supposed ""demons."""
Born Reckless=1937-07-09="Racketeer Jim Barnes is trying to force the independent taxicab-drivers to join his ""protection service"" at the cost of five bucks a day. Champion race-car driver, Bob Kane, joins with his friends Lee and ""Dad"" Martin in a fight for the street rights of a big city."
Denise Calls Up=1995-05-17=A group of friends in New York, working away at their PCs and laptops, keep in touch exclusively by phone and fax. They are all too busy to meet face to face. Gale plays matchmaker, by phone, to Jerry and Barbara who, in turn, hit it off beautifully – via phone and fax. Martin gets a telephone call from someone he's never met. It's Denise, with some extraordinary news. Tapping away at his computer all the while, he develops a sort of friendship with Denise – via phone. And so it goes as the friends, tap, tap, tapping away, share news, hopes, and dreams – via phone and fax. Finally Gale has an unfortunate encounter with a phone, Denise has some more news for Martin, and Frank plans a gala New Year's Eve party, but will he answer the door?
L'art d'aimer=2011-11-23=The Art of Love is composed of several chapters, which follows several Parisian couples.
Feng yue=1996-05-09=Set in the decadent 1920s, Temptress Moon tells the very complicated story of a wealthy family living on the outskirts of Shanghai. Their youngest daughter, Ruyi, is brought up as a servant to her opium-addicted father and brother. Meanwhile, her brother-in-law Zhongliang has a successful, if illegal, career seducing and blackmailing married women in the city. When he comes to Ruyi's home the two fall in love, and trouble ensues.
Epic Movie=2007-01-25=When Edward, Peter, Lucy and Susan each follow their own path, they end up finding themselves at Willy's Chocolate factory. Walking through a wardrobe, they discover the world of Gnarnia, which is ruled by the White Bitch. Meeting up with characters such as Harry Potter and Captain Jack Swallows, the newly reunited family must team up with Aslo, a wise-but-horny lion to stop the white bitch's army
Ulzana's Raid=1972-01-01=Report reaches the US cavalry that the Apache leader Ulzana has left his reservation with a band of followers. A compassionate young officer, Lieutenant DeBuin, is given a small company to find him and bring him back; accompanying the troop is McIntosh, an experienced scout, and Ke-Ni-Tay, an Apache guide. Ulzana massacres, rapes and loots across the countryside; and as DeBuin encounters the remains of his victims, he is compelled to learn from McIntosh and to confront his own naivity and hidden prejudices.
Historia del miedo=2014-02-09=A hot summer. A private district with an enormous park. An abandoned plot of land in the suburbs and an uncontrollable wave of smoke spark uncertainty and chaos.
Lady Chatterley's Lover=1981-06-29=A film adaptation of D.H. Lawrence's novel. After a crippling injury leaves her husband impotent, Lady Chatterly is torn between her love for her husband and her physical desires. With her husband's consent, she seeks out other means of fulfilling her needs.
Killer Force=1976-01-14=Head of company security, Harry Webb, fears that a diamond theft is about to take place at their major mining complex deep in the desert. He quickly manages to become very unpopular, particularly with Claire Chambers, a celebrated cover girl, daughter of the mine administrator. She is visiting the man she loves, Mike Bradley, who is responsible for security at the mine. Nelson, the mine administrator, gives Bradley a curious mission - to steal a diamond. He wants to implicate Bradley in order to bring him into contact with a certain Lewis who is preparing to rob the mine with the aid of a group of mercanaries and a local accessory known as Father Christmas. Webb, not being informed of the deceit, relentlessly pursues Bradley, who is contacted by Lewis. With the mercanaries in the process of penetrating the mine. Bradley reveals himself to be Father Christmas, the organiser of the entire operation...
The Gracefield Incident=2017-07-21=On August 16, 2013, the Supreme Court mandated the CIA to declassify files that had been kept secret for the past 75 years. Visual records of documented paranormal events were released to the public. The following incident took place in Gracefield, Quebec.
Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams=2002-08-07=Exploring the further adventures of Carmen and Juni Cortez, who have now joined the family spy business as Level 2 OSS agents. Their new mission is to save the world from a mad scientist living on a volcanic island populated by an imaginative menagerie of creatures. On this bizarre island, none of the Cortez's gadgets work and they must rely on their wits--and each other--to survive and save the day.
Crazy Sexy Cancer=2007-03-11=Just weeks after being diagnosed with a rare and incurable form of cancer, 31-year-old actress Kris Carr turned the camera on herself as she embarked on the fight of her life. The result is this moving and funny inspirational documentary. In need of experimental treatment, Carr travels the country seeking experts on alternative medicine and, along the way, meets other cancer-stricken women driven to survive.
Bluebeard=1944-11-11=Young female models are being strangled inexplicably. Will law enforcement be able to stop the crime wave before more women become victims?
La Faim=1974-10-01=In this animated short, director Peter Foldès depicts one man’s descent into greed and gluttony. Rapidly dissolving and ever-evolving images create a contrast between abundance and want. One of the first films to use computer animation, this satire serves as a cautionary tale against self-indulgence in a world still plagued by hunger and poverty.
Ne nous fâchons pas=1966-04-20=One-time gangster Antoine is enjoying retirement on the coast, now managing a boating club. He receives a visit from a former accomplice who asks for a loan. The money will be repaid by a crook who is now in hiding; Antoine intends to recover his money.
All Dogs Go to Heaven 2=1996-03-29=Charlie and Itchy return to Earth to find Gabriel's Horn, but along the way meet up with a young boy named David, who ran away from home.
Lilies of the Field=1963-06-04=An unemployed construction worker (Homer Smith) heading out west stops at a remote farm in the desert to get water when his car overheats. The farm is being worked by a group of East European Catholic nuns, headed by the strict mother superior (Mother Maria), who believes that Homer has been sent by God to build a much needed church in the desert...
らんま½=2011-12-09=Akane is the youngest of three daughters for Soun Tendo. Her father Soun Tendo runs a dojo for martial arts. Akane hopes to carry on her father's dojo into the distant future. Meanwhile, Akane has been selected to marry Ranma, the son of her father's long time friend Genma. Akane and Ranma's relationship has developed into a love and hate relationship. Also, Ranma isn't your typical boy. While on a training journey Ranma fell into the Spring of the Drowned Girl and now changes into a women whenever cold water is splashed on him. Warm water will allow him to revert back to a male. Problems arise when Akane's father declares that the successor to their dojo must be a male. Now, Akane and Ranma (being a man only half of the time) must find a secret spring that can cure him of his curse.
La belle personne=2008-09-12=In the wake of her mother's tragic death, French teenager Junie (Léa Seydoux) transfers to a different high school. Though Junie lives mostly inside her own head, her beauty and stoicism win her the attention of the entire male student population. Junie begins dating the gentle Otto Cleves (Grégoire Leprince-Ringuet), but finds herself intensely drawn to her youthful Italian language teacher, Nemours (Louis Garrel). When Nemours begins to reciprocate, serious complications ensue.
The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause=2006-11-01=Now that Santa and Mrs. Claus have the North Pole running smoothly, the Counsel of Legendary Figures has called an emergency meeting on Christmas Eve! The evil Jack Frost has been making trouble, looking to take over the holiday! So he launches a plan to sabotage the toy factory and compel Scott to invoke the little-known Escape Clause and wish he'd never become Santa.
Guest House Paradiso=1999-12-03=Richie and Eddie are in charge of the worst hotel in the UK, Guest House Paradiso, neighbouring a nuclear power plant. The illegal immigrant chef has fled and all the guests have gone. But when a famous Italian filmstar, Gina Carbonara, who is in hiding from a fiance she doesn't want to marry, arrives at the hotel, things get very interesting!
Ivanka Trump- America's Real First Lady?=2017-05-15=Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka has been appointed to an official role within the White House, but what does she believe in and how much political clout does she actually have?
Trailer Park Boys: The Movie=2006-10-06="Set in a separate storyline not related to the ""Trailer Park Boys"" Television show, but with the same lovable characters. The boys get arrested for robbing an ATM machine and spend 18 months in jail. When the get out, they decide to pull off ""The Big Dirty"" which is to steal a large amount of coins because they are untraceable and quit their life of crime forever"
The Nazi Officer's Wife=2003-03-30=Edith Han was an young woman that was studying law in Vienna when the German forced Edith and her mother into a Jewish ghetto.
Born Equal=2006-12-04=Four characters living in one neighborhood in London - all living dramatically different lives, all of them on the edge - see their stories unfold.
Herois=2010-10-22=A young publicist, with a successful professional life but with an empty personal life, finds himself on a trip against time to get to an important business meeting. During the trip, he meets a girl and, although they are very different and have opposite ways of life, they click when recalling the most mythical and emotional time of their childhood: the last summer they spent with their gang
L'Homme orchestre=1900-01-01=A band-leader has arranged seven chairs for the members of his band. When he sits down in the first chair, a cymbal player appears in the same chair, then rises and sits in the next chair. As the cymbal player sits down, a drummer appears in the second chair, and then likewise moves on to the third chair. In this way, an entire band is soon formed, and is then ready to perform.
Benji the Hunted=1987-06-17=Benji has become stranded on a remote island after a boating accident. He finds himself struggling to survive in the wilderness, avoiding close encounters with a wolf, a bear, and a territorial female cougar with her cub.
Last Hijack=2014-04-24="Documentary that follows the lives of two pirates and their community on the Somali coastline; what are the incentives of the pirates, why did they become pirates, how did they grow up in a country with political chaos, war and extreme poverty? The narrative structure is built around two interweaving story-lines; one depicting the ""present"", the daily lives of the pirates and their community, and the second in the ""past"", revealing through epic animation, the unfolding of a recent hijacking."
Kronjuvelerna=2011-06-29=Fragancia is arrested for the attempted murder of Richard Persson, the son of a powerful factory owner. During the interrogation her amazing and remarkable life story is revealed. We follow her through her impoverished childhood, her adolescence where she meets the great love of her life, ice hockey star Petterson-Jonsson and the lead up to the fatal night where the story begins.
The Concert for Bangladesh=1972-03-23=A film about the first benefit rock concert when major musicians performed to raise relief funds for the poor of Bangladesh.
Firstborn=1984-10-26=Because he's the oldest, Jake has been the man of the house, since his parents divorce. When Mom starts seeing Sam, who always seems to be trying some new way to get rich quick, and declares he's the man of the house now, Jake puts up with it. Until he discovers Sam's illegal activities.
Bou ying=2011-05-05=Real estate tycoon Wong Ho-Chiu (Anthony Wong Chau-Sang) suffers great pain when his daughter Daisy (Janice Man) is kidnapped and killed. Wong Ho-Chiu turns to his trusted bodyguard Chor (Richie Ren) to seek out the perpetrators and exact revenge. Wong Ho-Chiu goes one step further and orders Chor to videotape each of their executions. Once Chor tracks down the final perpetrator Wong Ho-Chiu decides to kill that person himself. When Wong Ho-Chiu learns about the perpetrator’s past, he has second thoughts …
Korengal=2014-05-30=Korengal picks up where Restrepo left off; the same men, the same valley, the same commanders, but a very different look at the experience of war.
Sogobi=2002-01-12="Many films by this master of landscape cinema are cinematic studies of specific landscapes, as is the case with SOGOBI – the Shoshonean word for ""Earth"" –, Benning's approach to the Californian wilderness in 35 carefully composed scenes with a great depth of field and devoid of humans. ""I spent a year in the middle of nowhere and perhaps this is the closest I've come to portraying a true sense of place."" (James Benning)"
Mamma Roma=1962-08-31=After many years working in the streets of Roma, the middle-age whore Mamma Roma (Anna Magnani) saves money to buy an upper class apartment, a fruit stand and retires from the prostitution. She brings her teenage son Ettore (Ettore Garofolo), who was raised alone in the country, to live with her, and Ettore becomes her pride and joy. However, the boy that does not want to study or work, joins to idle friends, has a crush on a bitch, and Mamma Roma uses her best but limited efforts to straight Ettore and make him an honest man. However, her past haunts her with tragic consequences.
Men, Women & Children=2014-10-17=Follows the story of a group of high school teenagers and their parents as they attempt to navigate the many ways the internet has changed their relationships, their communication, their self-image, and their love lives.
Walk Like a Man=1987-03-01=As a baby, Bobo gets separated from his family during a camping trip. After being raised by wild dogs for twenty years, Bobo is discovered by animal researcher Penny, who brings him back to his family and attempts to teach Bobo how to readjust to life with humans. While his mother is overjoyed to see him again, Bobo's older brother Henry is more worried about losing his share of the inheritance. As Bobo progresses with Penny's lessons, Henry plots to have him eliminated.
Young Sherlock Holmes=1985-12-04=Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson meet as boys in an English Boarding school. Holmes is known for his deductive ability even as a youth, amazing his classmates with his abilities. When they discover a plot to murder a series of British business men by an Egyptian cult, they move to stop it.
Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man=2006-09-11=Poet, singer / songwriter and ladies man Leonard Cohen is interviewed in his home about his life and times. The interview is interspersed with archive photos and exuberant praise and live perfomances from an eclectic mix of musicians, including: Jarvis Cocker, Rufus &amp; Martha Wainwright, Teddy Thompson, Antony Hegarty, The Handsome Family and U2's Bono and The Edge.
The Canyon=2009-10-23=A survival story about a honeymooning couple who get lost in the wide expanse of the Grand Canyon.
High School Record=2005-01-25=Four awkward 17-year-olds struggle through their senior year. Like most high school students, they ride a continual wave of embarrassment: crappy after-school jobs, attempted sex in the science room, tinfoil shorts, guitar-strumming hippie teachers and brushes with the law. The only difference is that their moments of humiliation are caught on tape--our gang of four are the subjects of a documentary shot by fellow classmates.
Deprisa, deprisa=1981-03-25=Angela begins to hang around with Pablo and his gang of young robbers.
Quiz=2012-03-22=A famous game show host is being harassed in a restaurant by a strange man who claims to have kidnapped his wife and daughter. A morbid game ensues in which the game show host turns out to be the contestant.
Ittefaq=1969-10-04=Taking place almost entirely over the course of one stormy night, a woman is terrified when an accused murderer escapes from a mental hospital and seeks refuge in her home.
I Got the Hook Up=1998-05-27=Two broke buddies feel lucky when they come upon a truckload of cellular phones and begin selling them out of the back of their van. Trouble arises though, when the phones develop faults. The two friends then not only have to deal with unsatisfied customers but also the FBI.
剑雨=2010-09-01=Set in ancient China, Zeng Jing is a skilled assassin who finds herself in possession of a mystical Buddhist monk's remains. She begins a quest to return the remains to its rightful resting place, and thus places herself in mortal danger because a team of assassins is in a deadly pursuit to possess the remains which holds an ancient power-wielding secret.
The Unspoken=2015-10-24=In 1997 the close-knit Anderson family vanished from their home without a trace. No bodies were ever found and no explanation satisfied curiosity. For 17 years the house has remained undisturbed...until now. This eerily expert frightener is further enlivened by terrific performances from ‘Suits’/’Arrow’ star Neal McDonough and SILENT HILL/THE TALL MAN/TIDELAND’s Jodelle Ferland.
Opera Australia: The Pirates of Penzance=2006-01-01="This production of ""The Pirates of Penzance"" boasts a stellar cast, including Anthony Warlow, David Hobson, Taryn Fiebig and Suzanne Johnston, and is helmed by renowned director and Savoy Theatre veteran Stuart Maunder. Opera Australia's version of the beloved Gilbert and Sullivan operetta about the adventures of a sheltered pirate was a runaway sensation Down Under, selling out every night and spawning a national tour."
Tokyo Joe=1949-10-26=Joe Barrett returns to Tokyo after World War II where he once owned a bar, Tokyo Joe's, and deserted his wife Trina. They have a seven-year-old daughter. Kimura forces Joe into piloting war criminals by revealing that during the war Trina made treasonous propaganda broadcasts.
Onnenpeli=1965-10-01=Film by Risto Jarva.
Zappa=1983-03-04=Denmark, 1961. Bjørn, a middle-class boy in his early teens, wants to be accepted by Steen, a bullying peer of his with wealthy but freezingly cold parents. Bjørn's other good friend is Mulle, a cheerful and more childish working-class boy. All three seem friends at first, but gradually Steen starts pushing Mulle away while pulling the impressionable Bjørn with him towards more and more violence.
The Big Lebowski=1998-03-06="Jeffrey ""The Dude"" Lebowski, a Los Angeles slacker who only wants to bowl and drink white Russians, is mistaken for another Jeffrey Lebowski, a wheelchair-bound millionaire, and finds himself dragged into a strange series of events involving nihilists, adult film producers, ferrets, errant toes, and large sums of money."
Prom Queen: The Marc Hall Story=2004-06-01="Marc Hall, a young man living in Quebec, registers his prom date as per his Catholic school's rules. He is denied his request, because his prom date is a boy. Marc Hall is an openly gay teenager in a very conservative Catholic school. This film documents his struggles (legal, emotional, ethical and personal) to be himself and to live his life the way he deems best. With the help of friends, family and supporters, ""Cinderfella"" makes it to the ball, With his Prince Charming."
Ginger e Fred=1986-01-01=Amelia and Pippo are reunited after several decades to perform their old music-hall act, imitating Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, on a TV variety show.
Comment Wang-Fo fut sauvé=1987-01-01=Wang Fo, the greatest master of medieval China, aided by his assistant who has given up everything to follow him, desperately seeks aesthetic perfection. A day comes when he thinks he has achieved it. But his genius arouses both the curiosity and the jealousy of the Emperor. Wang Fo will be able to escape the Emperor's vindictiveness only by going to the limit of his talents.
Art of the Prank=2015-07-29=The great media prankster, Joey Skaggs, wants to fool the world media AGAIN, and, with the most complex hoax of his career in the pipeline, he now must use every trick in his prankster's arsenal to make it work. Art of the Prank is an emotional journey following the evolution of artist Joey Skaggs-a fierce proponent of independent thinking and the man who has turned the media hoax into an art form. With unprecedented access to the man and his archives, the 95-minute documentary interweaves a current unfolding hoax with a look behind-the-scenes at some classic performance pieces (all reported as fact by a wide range of prestigious journalists) plus commentary from co-conspirators and others. -IMDB
Project: Shadowchaser=1992-07-02=Set in the future, a group of terrorists with an android leader storm a hospital when the President's daughter is inside, taking her hostage. To find a way of freeing her, the police decide to consult the architect who designed the building, but he's currently in jail for some crime, and the punishment of the future is to be frozen solid for one's sentence. The cops accidentally thaw out the wrong guy, a football player who decides to keep the mistake a secret and help the police in exchange for his freedom. Will he be able to defeat the terrorists and rescue the hostages, despite not knowing the first thing about architecture?
Meetin' WA=1986-04-23=Revolutionary French New Wave director Jean-Luc Godard conducts a twenty-five minute interview with influential and acclaimed American director Woody Allen on the cultural radiation, the ubiquity and significance of Television, and how Television compares with cinema as a medium and form of expression.
Grand Central Murder=1942-05-01=A detective investigates the murder of an actress in a train car.
Music in the Air=1934-12-13=Constantly quarrelling couple decide to try the jealousy angle when a naive young couple comes along.
தீணா=2001-01-14=Deena works as a ruffian for his brother Adikesavan, doing his dirty work. One day he meets Chitra and they fall in love. Meanwhile his sister, Shanti is secretly in love with Chitra's brother. Misunderstandings lead to Shanti's death and Adikesavan swears to take revenge on the family of her boyfriend. Deena must now choose between obeying his brother or carrying out his sister's dying wish to protect Chitra, whom he loves, and her family
Exaella=2011-12-22="It all happened in one of the safest Somniupolis of the planet, inside one of the best-equipped and reliable mega-complexes - ""Xonasu Area."" As in the very beginning, and in the last few decades, all the systems had operated in nominal mode until the satellite network transferred an array of unclassified data to the central analytical cluster. According to the guidelines, the data were immediately isolated and sent to be re-evaluated in order to classify the registered events and to develop further options for protective and preventive efforts. A few days later, the tranquility of the sleeping ""Xonasu"" was torn apart by sharp, blazing fragments of multiple meteors. The area around the ""Xonasu"" faltered - a wave of interruptions and failures rapidly swept through the heart of its systems ... and one of the errors launched the sequence to awake the Supreme Operator of Xonasu. A little later - all was quiet and still."
Two Ninas=2000-12-01=After a long lonely period of involuntary celibacy, Marty Sachs decides that he has had enough of New York and wants to pack up and run the family business in Maine. Yet before he leaves, he meets two available, attractive women, both named Nina. Nina Cohen shares many of the same eccentric interests as Marty, but she has grow gun-shy from one too many bad relationships. Blonde bombshell Nina Harris literally knocks Marty off his feet in an ill-fated attempt at snagging a cab.
Gods and Generals=2003-02-21="The film centers mostly around the personal and professional life of Thomas ""Stonewall"" Jackson, a brilliant if eccentric Confederate general, from the outbreak of the American Civil War until its halfway point when Jackson is killed accidentally by his own soldiers in May 1863 during his greatest victory."
Hercules=1983-08-12="The film is an odd retelling of the story of Hercules battling the wizard Minos, who uses ""science"" in an attempt to take over the world. Hercules must stop him and rescue his princess love in the process. Part of the adventure finds Hercules battling giant robots brought to life by stop motion animation."
Heart Beat=1980-04-25=An exploration of the relationship between Beat Generation writers Jack Kerouac and Neal Cassady, and Cassady's wife, Carolyn.
Coyote Ugly=2000-07-30="Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her ""day"" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The ""Coyotes"" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl."
Star of Midnight=1935-04-19=A dancer disappears from a theater and then William Powell and society beauty Ginger Rogers solve the murder.
La battaglia di Algeri=1966-09-08=Tracing the struggle of the Algerian Front de Liberation Nationale to gain freedom from French colonial rule as seen through the eyes of Ali from his start as a petty thief to his rise to prominence in the organisation and capture by the French in 1957. The film traces the rebels' struggle and the increasingly extreme measures taken by the French government to quell the revolt.
Pagan Love Song=1950-12-26=Island girl Mimi (Esther Williams) plans to leave Tahiti, but maybe she'll have a reason to stay when Mr. Endicott (Howard Keel) arrives. Gorgeous, frothy fun with pristine Hawaiian locations filling in for Tahiti.
21 Days=2014-01-01=Three filmmakers embark on a paranormal challenge by barricading themselves in a house so haunted, no one has been able to live in for more than 21 days.
Shopping=1994-12-06="A dark, hip, urban story of a barren and anonymous city where the underclass' sport of choice is ram-raiding. An exciting game in which stolen cars are driven through shop windows to aid large-scale looting before the police arrive. For Tommy, it's a business, but for Billy and Jo, it's a labour of love. As the competition between Tommy and Billy grows more fierce, the stakes become higher and the ""shopping"" trips increasingly risky."
Semi-Pro=2008-02-28=Jackie Moon is the owner, promoter, coach, and star player of the Flint Michigan Tropics of the American Basketball Association (ABA). In 1976 before the ABA collapses, the National Basketball Association (NBA) plans to merge with the best teams of the ABA at the end of the season. Only the top four teams will make the move and the worst teams will fold. The Tropics are the worst team in the league and if they want to make it to the NBA, Jackie Moon must rally his team and start winning. The only problem is the fact that Jackie Moon is not really the coach and star basketball player he thinks he is. To keep his team from oblivion and leave his mark in the city, Jackie Moon must inspire his team to win fourth place in the playoffs.
Orange County=2002-01-10=Shaun Brumder is a local surfer kid from Orange County who dreams of going to Stanford to become a writer and to get away from his disfunctional family household. Except Shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application.
Jessabelle=2014-08-29=A young woman recuperating at her father's run-down home after a tragic accident soon encounters a terrifying presence with a connection to her long-deceased mother.
La Reine Margot=1994-05-13=The night of August 24, 1572, is known as the Massacre of St. Bartholomew. In France a religious war is raging. In order to impose peace a forced wedding is arranged between Margot de Valois, sister of the immature Catholic King Charles IX, and the Hugenot King Henri of Navarre. Catherine of Medici maintains her behind-the-scenes power by ordering assaults, poisonings, and instigations to incest.
Carmen=1918-12-20=The tragic story of Don Jose, a Spanish cavalryman, who falls under the spell of a gypsy girl, Carmen, who treats him with both love and contempt and leads him into temptation and thus damnation.
Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Frost Fight!=2015-12-15=The holiday season gets extra chilly as Loki and the frost giant Ymir plot to conquer the world. Marvel heroes Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor and others must stop the villains from stealing Santa's power – if anyone can actually find the mysterious Mr. Claus. Fortunately, Rocket Raccoon and Groot are also hot on Santa's trail. Heroes, villains, elves and cosmic bounty hunters collide in an epic quest that leaves the fate of the holiday and the world in the balance.
The Triple Echo=1972-01-01=A WW2 deserter holes up on a farm with disastrous results. Overlooked gem with Glenda Jackson in one of her best roles and Oliver Reed playing a part he was made for.
Long Way Round=2004-10-03=This documentary series follows actors Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman on a motorcycle trip around the world. The two friends will travel through such places as Siberia, Kazakhstan, Mongolia, and Alaska, before finally ending the journey in New York. The filming will be done by on board cameras and one ride along cameraman.
Salmer fra kjøkkenet=2003-01-01=Swedish efficiency researchers come to Norway for a study of Norwegian men, to optimize their use of their kitchen. Folke Nilsson (Tomas Norström) is assigned to study the habits of Isak Bjørvik (Joachim Calmeyer). By the rules of the research institute, Folke has to sit on an umpire's chair in Isak's kitchen and observe him from there, but never talk to him. Isak stops using his kitchen and observes Folke through a hole in the ceiling instead. However, the two lonely men slowly overcome the initial post-war Norwegian-Swede distrust and become friends.
Snow Cake=2006-02-09=A drama focused on the friendship between a high-functioning autistic woman and a man who is traumatized after a fatal car accident.
Fate=2003-03-15=Serial killers have plagued the American landscape for decades, committing gruesome atrocities, and providing some tough cases for criminal investigators to crack. This thriller follows the travails of two detectives who are on the trail of a bizarre murderer intent on slaughtering his victims, then using them as real-life puppets in a tale that he is trying to tell. The plot holds a key to the whereabouts of the monstrous deviant, but the detectives have to unravel it quickly before more unsuspecting citizens become theater fodder for the unhinged madman.
Flood=2007-08-24=Timely yet terrifying, The Flood predicts the unthinkable. When a raging storm coincides with high seas it unleashes a colossal tidal surge, which travels mercilessly down England's East Coast and into the Thames Estuary. Overwhelming the Barrier, torrents of water pour into the city. The lives of millions of Londoners are at stake.
Gettin' It=2006-01-01=When a rumor spreads through the neighborhood that he's got more to offer than most men, an awkward virgin becomes popular beyond his wildest fantasies. Strippers, housewives and the town's most gorgeous eligible women throw themselves at him.
Släpp fångarne loss, det är vår!=1975-12-06=Small and short Frida lives with her long, tall friend in a house in the countryside. Frida rejects the idea that people who has commited crimes should be locked up. One day their own house is burgled by Harald. He is sentenced to prison. Acting in accordance with her philosophy, Frida decides to use all means possible to make it possible for Harald to escape.
Marathon Boy=2010-01-01=A scrappy slum kid with a gift for running meets a driven judo instructor with dreams of Olympic fame. Their complicated relationship turns India upside down in a documentary that expertly guides us through a series of twists and turns that are exciting and unsettling at once.
Kill Your Darlings=2006-04-12=A desperate young writer is lured on a wild ride through the desert by a mysterious woman in this darkly comic take on the all-American road trip. Along the way they cross paths with a hapless mobster, a 6 foot transvestite and a lovesick housewife, all on the way to their celebrity TV shrink in Las Vegas... Things quickly spiral out of control into a dangerous cat-and-mouse game... a writer's frantic search for inspiration becomes intertwined with a motley crew of quirky characters seeking love and adventure at any cost.
Zot van A=2010-10-20=In Crazy About Ya, different characters meet. Sometimes their stories are closely interwoven, sometimes they just brush past each other. But sooner or later everyone runs into the hero of this story, Saint Jan. As a true sanctus ex machina he makes sure that in the end, they are all a bit crazier about each other again.
The Great White Hype=1996-05-03=When the champ's promoter, Rev. Sultan, decides something new is needed to boost the marketability of the boxing matches, he searches and finds the only man to ever beat the champ. The problem is that he isn't a boxer anymore and he's white. However, once Rev. Sultan convinces him to fight, he goes into heavy training while the confident champ takes it easy and falls out of shape.
Tarzan and His Mate=1934-04-20=Harry Holt returns to Africa to head up a large ivory expedition. This time he brings his womanizing friend Marlin Arlington. Holt also harbors ideas about convincing Jane to return to London. When Holt and Arlington show Jane some of the modern clothes and perfumes they brought from civilization, she is impressed but not enough to return.
Afro Samurai: Resurrection=2009-01-25=Afro Samurai avenged his father and found a life of peace. But the legendary master is forced back into the game by a beautiful and deadly woman from his past. The sparks of violence dropped along Afro’s bloody path now burn out of control – and nowhere are the flames of hatred more intense than in the eyes of Sio.
Appointment with Danger=1951-05-09=Al Goddard (Alan Ladd), a detective who works for the United States Postal Inspection Service, is assigned to arrest two criminals who've allegedly murdered a U.S. postal detective.
The Pom Pom Girls=1976-05-01=A football player at Rosedale High School is amorous of one of the cheerleaders, who is going with another guy. Another player can't decide which of two cheerleaders he wants to be with. Meanwhile, the Big Game with Hardin High School is approaching, and a prank war is in full swing.
Shaka Zulu=1986-11-24=Framed around Queen Victoria's decision on England's political stance towards the Zulu Nation, this mini-series details King Shaka's rise and fall with mythic detail. Prophecy is mixed with recorded fact regarding Shaka's birth, exile, innovations in warfare, assumption of the throne, building of the Zulu Empire, first contact with Europe and the events that lead to his downfall.
The Grasshopper=1970-05-27=A British Columbia teenager dreams of show business but winds up as a call girl in Las Vegas.
Avalon=1990-10-05="Avalon is the third in Levinson's semi-autobiographical series of four ""Baltimore Films"": Diner (1982), Tin Men (1987), Avalon (1990), and Liberty Heights (1999). The film is set in Baltimore in the early 1950s and explores the themes of Jewish assimilation into American life."
猛龍過江=1972-06-01=Tang Lung arrives in Rome to help his cousins in the restaurant business. They are being pressured to sell their property to the syndicate, who will stop at nothing to get what they want. When Tang arrives he poses a new threat to the syndicate, and they are unable to defeat him. The syndicate boss hires the best Japanese and European martial artists to fight Tang, but he easily finishes them off.
El Dorado=1988-04-20=The story of an expedition down the Orinoco and Amazon rivers in 1560 by Spanish soldiers searching for the fabled city of gold, El Dorado.
Extremities=1986-08-22=A woman escapes from the man who is about to rape her, but leaves her purse behind. Afraid that her attacker might come after her, she goes to the police, but with no proof of the incident, they can do nothing. In fact, the man does use the information in her bag and comes to her apartment with the intent of rape, but she sprays him in the face with insect repellent, and then holds him captive. She is then faced with deciding whether to go to the police who might not believe her and release him, or to kill him.
Saint Ange=2004-06-23=In 1958, in the French Alp, the young servant Anna Jurin arrives in Saint Ange Orphanage to work with Helena while the orphans moved to new families. Anna, who is secretly pregnant, meets the last orphan , Judith, left behind because of her mental problems, and they become closer when Anna find that Judith also hear voices and footsteps of children.
8=2010-04-30=In the depths of a snowy forest in an unknown wartime, two soldiers from opposing armies try to outwit each other in a perilous game of cat and mouse - until they find themselves outplayed by destiny.
A Dangerous Woman=1993-09-10=Martha Horgan is a withdrawn, mentally disabled woman who lives with her aunt, Frances. One of Martha's unusual traits is that she doesn't lie, a quality that leads to her getting fired from a dry-cleaning shop thanks to the actions of the shifty Getso. Conflict seems to follow Martha, since she also becomes romantically involved with local fix-it man, Mackey, who is sleeping with Frances as well.
Parental Guidance=2012-12-25=Artie and Diane agree to look after their three grandkids when their type-A helicopter parents need to leave town for work. Problems arise when the kids' 21st-century behavior collides with Artie and Diane's old-school methods.
Amici miei=1975-06-06="Like in many other Monicelli movies, the main theme of Amici miei is friendship, seen from a rather bitter point of view. It tells the story of four middle-aged friends in Florence who organize together idle pranks (called zingarate, ""gypsy shenanigans"") in a continuous attempt to prolong childhood during their adult life."
Sket=2011-10-28=When a young woman is cruelly and indiscriminately attacked by a notorious gang led by the violent Trey, her little 16 year old sister Kayla wants revenge and will stop at nothing to get it, even if it means joining a rival girl gang led by the volatile and damaged man-hating Danielle.
Forgiving Dr. Mengele=2006-02-24=Eva Mozes Kor, who survived Josef Mengele's cruel twin experiments in the Auschwitz concentration camp, shocks other Holocaust survivors when she decides to forgive the perpetrators as a way of self-healing.
With Friends Like These...=1998-09-10=Four small-time two-bit character actors, all close friends, are competing for same important part in the next Martin Scorsese mob film.
Can-Can=1960-03-09=1896, Montmartre: the Can-Can, the dance in which the women lift their skirts, is forbidden. Nevertheless Simone has it performed every day in her night club. Her employees use their female charm to let the representatives of law enforcement look the other way - or even attend the shows. But then the young ambitious judge Philippe Forrestier decides to bring this to an end. Will Simone manage to twist him round her little finger, too? Her boyfriend Francois certainly doesn't like to watch her trying.
Tiny Toon Adventures: How I Spent My Vacation=1992-03-11="Term-time ends at Acme Looniversity and the Tiny Toon characters look forward to a summer filled with fun. Buster and Babs Bunny turn a water fight into a white-water rafting trip through the dangerous Deep South; Plucky Duck and Hamton Pig share the most impossibly awful car journey imaginable on the way to HappyWorldLand; Fifi's blind date becomes a ""skunknophobic"" nightmare; and a safari park is turned upside-down by Elmyra's search for ""cute little kitties to hug and squeeze""."
J.A.C.E.=2011-11-10="Twice-orphaned Jace, a seven-year-old Albanian of Greek origin, witnesses a massacre that wipes out his entire foster family in Argyrokastron, and then falls in the hands of a bunch of ruthless gangsters who ""export"" children abroad for various profitable reasons (ranging from beggary to organ trade). Jace ends up in Athens, Greece, begging at street corners, exploring the secret horrors of brutal institutions for young offenders or, much later, serving obscure patrons, in an underworld where violent loss seems to be his only destiny. The movie follows Jace's inverted Odyssey in a dark universe of abuse, murder and fear, as he desperately (and silently) seeks for a ""family"" of his own or, at least, for a sense of belonging"
Sappho=1921-09-09=The drama begins when handsome Johannes Riemann (as Richard de la Croix) is summoned to an asylum, to check on insane brother Alfred Abel (as Andreas de la Croix). As we see in a later flashback, the alluring Pola Negri (as Sappho) left the innocent Mr. Abel, a lowly engineer, for his well-heeled boss Albert Steinrück (as George Bertink); this helped drive Mr. Abel insane. Presently, when Mr. Riemann finds Ms. Negri, she leaves Mr. Steinruck and moves in with Riemann.
The Employer=2013-06-07=Five highly qualified applicants interview for a coveted job with the Carcharias Corporation, a powerful conglomerate whose business practices are shrouded in mystery. On the night before the last round of interviews, they are all kidnapped and drugged. The next day, they wake up trapped together in a locked room without any hope of escape. Soon the true nature of their situation is revealed when they receive a phone call from the mysterious CEO of Carcharias, known only as The Employer. He informs them that they are about to experience the final interview, but it's not at all what they were expecting.
F.C. De Kampioenen: Kampioen zijn blijft plezant=2013-12-17=De Kampioenen travel to France to play a friendly soccer match against the team of one of Boma's business partners. What had to become a nice holiday, ends up totally different than De Kampioenen expected.
Happy Feet=2006-11-16=Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who find their soul mates through song, a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce!
Delta=2008-09-11=A man comes home to meet his mother and sister after many years away. He finds his mother living with a new boyfriend, and his sister to be grown-up. He begins to settle down in this new place by building a new home for himself on the delta. But when his sister moves in with him and the two begin a romance, there are tragic consequences.
Streetwalkin'=1985-09-20=Cookie and her brother run away from their loveless mother in the province and arrive in New York. At the train station Cookie meets the fancy man Duke. With his charm he makes her fall in love with him and soon has her working as prostitute. However his brutality against her colleagues disgusts her.
10 Years=2011-09-12=A group of friends reunite ten years after their high-school graduation.
Jigsaw=1949-05-28=New York Assistant District Attorney Howard Malloy is working hard on investigation about a series of murders related to an extremist group.
No Stranger Than Love=2015-04-30=What is stranger than the big hole that opens up in Lucy Sherrington's living room floor? As it turns out, love.
Overlord=1975-07-01=During the war a young lad is called up and, with an increasing sense of foreboding, undertakes his army training ready for D-day.
Hercules and the Circle of Fire=1994-11-05="When all the earth's fire begins to go out, Hercules and Deianeira must go in search for fire to stop the world from cold.  ""Hercules and the Circle of Fire"" is the third movie-length pilot episode of the television series ""Hercules: The Legendary Journeys""."
Leaving Las Vegas=1995-10-27=Ben Sanderson, an alcoholic Hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his drinking, arrives in Las Vegas to drink himself to death. There, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute Sera.
Signed, Sealed, Delivered: Lost Without You=2016-09-25=Oliver's (Eric Mabius) Divine Delivery Theory is put to the test when he and the POstables (Kristin Booth, Geoff Gustafson and Crystal Lowe) seem to be unable to deliver a damaged letter from a military veteran that's a matter of life and death
It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World=1963-11-07=A group of strangers come across a man dying after a car crash who proceeds to tell them about the $350,000 he buried in California. What follows is the madcap adventures of those strangers as each attempts to claim the prize for himself.
식객 : 김치전쟁=2010-01-28="""Le Grand Chef 2"" begins with the Korean president visiting the Japanese Prime Minister and becoming involved in a heated debate over the origins of kimchi. The Japanese Prime Minister makes the bold claim that kimchi is an original Japanese dish which sets off the Korean president. Upon the Korean's president return home he sets upon a globalization plan for kimchi, which includes a nationwide ""Kimchi Contest"". Then, a lady named Jang-eun (Kim Jung-Eun) and her step-brother Sung-Chan (Jin Goo) compete in the Kimchi dish contest, with both siblings using their mother's kimchi recipe."
Vanya on 42nd Street=1994-09-13="An uninterrupted rehersal of Chekhov's ""Uncle Vanya"" played out by a company of actors. The setting is their run down theater with an unusable stage and crumbling ceiling. The play is shown act by act with the briefest of breaks to move props or for refreshments. The lack of costumes, real props and scenery is soon forgotten."
The Go-Getter=2007-01-22=When his mother dies, a teenager takes a road-trip in a stolen car to find his long-lost brother. Along the way he discovers a profound connection with the car-owner and with himself as well.
The Cat and the Canary=1979-11-01=British remake of the classic comedy thriller play. A group of potential heirs gather in a forbidding old house to learn which of them will inherit a fortune. Later, they learn that a flesh-rending maniac is loose.
Crocodile=2000-12-26=A group of friends including Brady Turner, Claire and Duncan McKay go out on a boat trip on a lake in Southern California, but their joyful weekend turns into horror, when a giant killer crocodile searching for its stolen eggs, picks off anyone who gets in its way. Can they all escape in one piece or will they slowly and painfully fall to the mammoth reptile.
Девять дней одного года=1961-12-25=Two young scientists are exploring new fields of nuclear physics. Dmitry Gusev and Ilya Kulikov are good friends, but rivals in love. Dmitry marries Lyolya and they live happily together. Luck has it that he makes an important discovery. Unfortunately he exposes himself to radioactivity during the experiments. As a result he falls seriously ill. However Dmitry has a strong spirit. His will to live, the deep passion for his work and his strong love for mankind makes it possible for him to recover.
One Little Pill=2014-10-01=Bold &amp; candid, One Little Pill will reveal to the world a startling pharmaceutical discovery &amp; assault the skepticism &amp; denial perpetuating alcohol dependence.
Resan till Melonia=1989-12-15="When a ship sinks during a storm, a slave from the industrial island of Plutonia is washed up on the beaches of paradise island Melonia, where the ""all-powerful"" wizard Prospero and his strange friends reside."
더 킥=2011-11-03=Korean family made up of taekwondo experts moves to Thailand, where they set up a taekwondo gym. However, one member of the family, Taeju, wants to become a famous pop singer instead. The family becomes famous after stopping treasure robbers.
Act Of Love=1980-09-24="A tragic motorcycle accident leaves one brother paralyzed while the other brother is left guilt-ridden.  Seeing his brother struggle with his new life of limited mobility and function, the young man finds his own life weighed down by his thoughts and feelings about the accident.  Motivated by his emotions and the suffering of his brother, the young man performs an ""act of love"" which creates more chaos for him."
11/11/11=2011-11-01=Jack and Melissa are frightened by their son's bizarre and violent behavior; they soon learn that he is the gateway to the Apocalypse, and it will happen on his birthday, 11-11-11.
龍兄虎弟=1986-08-16=Jackie Chan stars as Asian Hawk, an Indiana Jones-style adventurer looking to make a fortune in exotic antiquities. After Hawk discovers a mysterious sword in Africa, a band of Satan-worshipping monks kidnap his ex-girlfriend Lorelei, demanding the sword as ransom as well as other pieces of the legendary Armour of God - a magical outfit dating back to the Crusades.
白发魔女传之明月天国=2014-02-14=In the twilight of the Ming Dynasty, the Imperial court is plagued by corruption as tyrants rule over the land. With the Manchurians preying on a weakened empire, war is imminent. To save the victims from their suffering, sorceress Jade Raksha fights the soldiers that oppress people for their own gain. As payback, local government officials decide to pin the murder of Governor Zhuo Zhonglian on Jade, turning her and the members of her cult into wanted fugitives for a crime they didn't commit.
I Heart Monster Movies=2012-10-12=Documentary about horror fans
Puss in Boots: The Three Diablos=2011-12-08=Puss in Boots is on a mission to recover the Princess' stolen ruby from the notorious French thief, Whisperer. Reluctantly accompanied by three little kittens, Three Diablos, Puss must tame them before they endanger the mission.
忍者武芸帖 百地三太夫=1980-11-15=In the middle of the 16th century, Hideyoshi, a power hungry warlord sets out to destroy the Momochi clan. He sends his war commander in search of the clan's hidden gold only to find that two daggers are the key to the hiding place of the treasured gold. Spanning decades, the quest for the missing daggers takes Shiranui through war and ancient tradition.
Direct Action=2004-01-01=Frank Gannon, a veteran cop, is being hunted by his fellow police officers after they learned he has betrayed the brotherhood and exposed to the feds wide scale corruption of the LAPD. He has one day left to prove his case and survive.
Askari=2001-12-01="Set on a game reserve in Africa. Askari is an angry old elephant, the only survivor of the ""A' family group which has been anhilitated in a government cull and he has turned rogue. Involved in the culling are Patrick Khumalo, a corrupt government official and Ribshaw, an unscrupulous white poacher accompanied by Ndhlovu, an old African tracker who is being blackmailed by Ribshaw. Anxious to save the elephants are game warden Joss Mckinley and his conservationist wife Paula who is studying and monitoring various family groups of elephants. When Paula's sixteen year old niece Emma Crawshay is orphaned she is sent to live with her aunt and uncle at Morena Game Park. She feels alienated but is gradually drawn into her aunt's passion for her work and her favourite elephant family the 'O' group, in particular a calf named Ollie."
Supraviețuitorul=2008-04-10="After WWII Comisarul Moldovan spent years as a political prisoner of the communist regime. The favorite entertainment of the Russian Colonel in charge of the prison was to have the inmates play Russian Roulette. Only his unbelievable luck and survivor spirit helped Moldovan live through his detention. Out of the prison the ex-policeman joins an international Russian Roulette illegal gaming circuit. In late 70's faith brings him to a Central European town where Goldberg, an old acquaintance of his is organizing an ""improved"" version of the game where two opponents are shooting each other. Step by step Moldovan meets lots of familiar faces, both friends and enemies. It looks like the whole Bucharest's underworld from the 40's chose to meet here."
Good Neighbor Sam=1964-07-22=To help his divorced neighbor claim a substantial inheritance, a family man poses as her husband. The ruse spills over into his career in advertising, and his recent promotion relies on his wholesome and moral appearance.
The Innocents=1961-12-25=A young governess for two children becomes convinced that the house and grounds are haunted.
Dead on Course=1952-04-01=A former pilot suffering from blackouts discovers that a fellow flyer is suspected of being mixed up with a web of smugglers.  While searching for his missing buddy, he unwittingly becomes entangled in a morass of suspicion.
In the Arms of a Killer=1992-01-05=A young detective falls in love with a witness in a murder case and suddenly becomes a suspect herself.
Barbie as the Island Princess=2007-09-18=Barbie plays Rosella in this new musical film. Shipwrecked as a child, Rosella grows up on the island under the watchful eyes of her loving animal friends. The arrival of Prince Antonio leads Rosella and her furry pals to explore civilization and ultimately save the kingdom by uncovering a secret plot.
Keeping Rosy=2014-06-08=A woman becomes enraged after being passed over for a promotion at her job.
Babes in the Woods=1932-11-19=A loose retelling of Hansel and Gretel: two children, lost in the woods, stumble upon a dwarf village. They're lured into a candy house by a Witch with horror-fying results.
The Windmill Massacre=2016-08-29=Jennifer, an Australian girl on the run from her past, turns up in Amsterdam and, in a desperate attempt to blend in, joins a coach-load of tourists on a tour of Holland's old windmills. When the bus breaks down in the middle of nowhere, she and the other tourists are forced to seek shelter in a disused shed beside a sinister windmill where a devil-worshiping miller once ground the bones of locals instead of grain. As members of the group start to disappear, Jennifer learns that they all have something in common – a shared secret that seems to mark them all for doom.
Russell Howard: Right Here Right Now=2011-11-14=One of Britain's most exciting and popular stand-up comedians, Russell Howard is back in 2011 with his third sell-out tour Right Here, Right Now. The star of Russell Howard's Good News and Mock The Week never fails to entertain with his trademark mix of eloquent gags and deft storytelling.
My Boy Jack=2007-11-11=Author Rudyard Kipling and his wife search for their 17-year-old son after he goes missing during WWI.
Die Nashörner=1964-01-01=Polish artist Jan Lenica (1928–2001) was an animator as well as a celebrated poster designer. Die Nashörner (1964) is an 11-minute condensation of Eugène Ionesco’s Rhinoceros that no doubt works best if you’re familiar with the play but which nevertheless contains some funny moments, especially when “Rhinocerosism” starts to spread. The film is free to download at the Internet Archive.
Mr. Mike's Mondo Video=1979-09-20="Mike O'Donoghue's parody of ""Mondo Cane"" showcases curious performers, strange musicians, celebrity mutations and unusual short films, including Thomas Alva Edison's ""Elephant Electrocution"". In the tradition of films like Groove Tube (1974),  The Kentucky Fried Movie (1977),  and Saturday Night Live."
Army of One=2016-11-04=Gary Faulkner is an ex-con, unemployed handyman, and modern day Don Quixote who receives a vision from God telling him to capture Osama Bin Laden. Armed with only a single sword purchased from a home-shopping network, Gary travels to Pakistan to complete his mission. While on his quest, Gary encounters old friends back home in Colorado, the new friends he makes in Pakistan, the enemies he makes at the CIA - and even God and Osama themselves.
Soldiers of Fortune=2012-06-07=Wealthy thrill-seekers pay huge premiums to have themselves inserted into military adventures, only this time things don't go exactly to plan.
Ο Καλύτερός μου Φίλος=2001-03-02=My Best Friend is the outrageous story of two men, friends since childhood, who have spent their lives tormenting one another. It is only when Constantinos discovers Alekos in bed with his wife that their friendship and their respective marriages finally collapse into a death spiral of sex, deceit and irrepressible humor. As events unfold another deception, one concealed by both men's wives, opens the door to incredible erotic intrigue. Antonis Kafetzopoulos delivers a virtuoso performance in this surrealistic comedy about lies, friendship, love and deadlock
The Nutty Professor=1996-06-26=Eddie Murphy stars as shy Dr. Sherman Klump, a kind, brilliant, 'calorifically challenged' genetic professor. When beautiful Carla Purty joins the university faculty, Sherman grows desperate to whittle his 400-pound frame down to size and win her heart. So, with one swig of his experimental fat-reducing serum, Sherman becomes 'Buddy Love', a fast-talking, pumped-up , plumped down Don Juan.
Tobruk=1967-02-07=In September 1942, the German Afrika Korps under Rommel have successfully pushed the Allies back into Egypt. A counter-attack is planned, for which the fuel dumps at Tobruk are a critical impediment. In order to aid the attack, a group of British commandos and German Jews make their way undercover through 800 miles of desert, to destroy the fuel dumps starving the Germans of fuel.
Slugs, muerte viscosa=1988-02-05=People are dying mysteriously and gruesomely, and nobody has a clue what the cause is. Only health worker Mike Brady has a possible solution, but his theory of killer slugs is laughed at by the authorities. Only when the body count begins to rise and a slug expert from England begins snooping around does it begin to look like Mike had the right idea after all.
Bænken=2000-08-26=Kaj is a stubborn man with a great deal of pride. The former chef lives in a council flat. He has wasted his life and is now on a council job training scheme for the long-term unemployed, where he refuses to let the foreman of the activation project boss him about. When Kaj's daughter, with whom he has not been in touch for nineteen years, moves into the same council estate on the run from her violent husband, a change comes over Kaj. His initial instinct is to avoid her, but by chance he ends up helping to look after Jonas, her six-year-old son. For the first time for years Kaj need not survive on his own devices. Now he has responsibilities and a family of his own.
Le Couteau dans la plaie=1962-12-12=Immediately after Lisa (Loren) declares that she is leaving her immature, abusive, but easy-going husband Robert (Perkins), he is reported dead in a plane crash. Secretly still alive, he convinces her to collect his life insurance, although she knows that it's a bad idea. Lisa must contend with the complications of the scheme, which involve an aggressive suitor (Young), Robert's jealousy, and her own guilt.
Mr Perfect=2011-04-21=Vicky (Prabhas) believes that one should be oneself in a relationship and one shouldn’t change one's orientation for the sake of the partner. Vicky and Priya (Kajal Agarwal) are childhood friends and they like each other. Their parents want to marry them off. But Vicky feels that Priya is a not choice for him as she is willing to sacrifice all her comforts for him. Meanwhile, Vicky meets Maggy who has the same taste and lifestyle orientation. Both of them fall in love. The rest of the story is all about how Vicky realises that adjustment is the essence of any blissful relationship.
George of the Jungle 2=2003-08-18="George and Ursula now have a son, George Junior, so Ursula's mother arrives to try and take them back to ""civilization""."
Hold Back the Dawn=1941-09-26=Romanian-French gigolo Georges Iscovescu wishes to enter the USA. Stopped in Mexico by the quota system, he decides to marry an American, then desert her and join his old partner Anita, who's done likewise. But after sweeping teacher Emmy Brown off her feet, he finds her so sweet that love and jealousy endanger his plans.
Certain Women=2016-09-25=The lives of three women intersect in small-town America, where each is imperfectly blazing a trail.
Descendants 2=2017-07-21=When the pressure to be royal becomes too much for Mal, she returns to the Isle of the Lost where her archenemy Uma, Ursula's daughter, has taken her spot as self-proclaimed queen.
Don't You Forget About Me=2010-07-13=Throughout the ’80s John Hughes defined the teen movie genre and spoke not only to that generation’s teens, but every generation that has followed. Then in 1991 he hung up his director’s hat and disappeared into obscurity ala J.D Salinger. In 2008, a group of young Canadian filmmakers set out to complete a documentary about the man with what they hoped would culminate with an interview, which would be his first since 1999.
The Spirit of St. Louis=1957-04-19=Charles 'Slim' Lindbergh struggles to finance and design an airplane that will make his New York to Paris flight the first solo transatlantic crossing.
이끼=2010-07-14=Hae Gook (Park Hae Il) travels to a reclusive village to attend his father's funeral. He wants to find out the reason behind his father's strange death, but the villagers, in particular village chief Cheon (Jung Jae Young), seem to be watching his every move and eager to see him leave. Determined to get to the bottom of the mystery, Hae Gook enlists the help of prosecutor Park (Yoo Jun Sang) to slowly unravel the village's sinister secrets.
Consumed=2015-06-01=When Sophie's son, Garrett, develops a mysterious illness, she embarks on a search for answers. This leads her into the controversial world of Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) where a sociopolitical battle rages between organic farmers and big biotech corporations. As her desperation grows, so too does her quest for knowledge. And the deeper she goes, a more heightened sense of danger develops that preys on her state of mind, as she attempts to discover the root cause of her son's illness.
青蛇=1993-04-10=A mischievous snake who assumes human form interferes with the romance between her reptilian sister and a hapless man.
Sans toit ni loi=1985-12-04=Mona Bergeron is dead, her frozen body found in a ditch in the French countryside. From this, the film flashes back to the weeks leading up to her death. Through these flashbacks, Mona gradually declines as she travels from place to place, taking odd jobs and staying with whomever will offer her a place to sleep. Mona is fiercely independent, craving freedom over comfort, but it is this desire to be free that will eventually lead to her demise.
Documented=2014-05-02=In 2011, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Jose Antonio Vargas outed himself as an undocumented immigrant in the New York Times Magazine. 'Documented' chronicles his journey to America from the Philippines as a child; his journey through America as an immigration reform activist/provocateur; and his journey inward as he re-connects with his mother, whom he hasn't seen in 20 years.
Family Life=1971-12-01=A 19 years old London girl received agressive psychiatric treatments for her schizophrenic behaviour by a doctor who still wants her family to insure the guard of the child without any regards to the facts that it is this family who's agravating her situation.
Kung Phooey=2003-03-11="The plot follows Art Chew's (a pun of the sound one makes when sneezing) quest to retrieve the ancient peach. The movie starts with Art Chew traveling to America, as well as showing Art's training at the Shur-li temple (a play on words with the child actor Shirley Temple), showing many kung-fu clichés such as grabbing the pebble from the masters hand (which Art succeeds without effort), fighting on trees in this case small potted palms and ""listing"" for elements (Earth, Wind and Fire play a funky tune). After the montage is shown Art meets up with his cousin Wayman (A parody on the way Chinese pronounce r as w) a Chinese adult who tries to act American so he isn't embarrassed by stereotypes and foster cousin Roy Lee, an African American who sincerely believes he is a reincarnation of Bruce Lee."
The Biggest Bundle of Them All=1968-01-17=A kidnapped mobster (Vittorio De Sica) persuades his captors to help him rob platinum ingots from a train.
Angel Baby=1961-05-14=A woman who believes she has been chosen by God to heal people is taken in by a greedy promoter and his shrewish wife to make the rounds of the rural South - she to save souls and heal the sick, he to make as much money as he possibly can.
King of Jazz=1930-04-20=This revue presents its numbers around the orchestra leader Paul Whiteman, besides that it shows in it's final number that the European popular music are the roots of American popular music, called Jazz.
Sebastian Maniscalco: Aren't You Embarrassed?=2014-11-14="Sebastian Maniscalco examines the shameless behaviors of our modern society - from the small daily annoyances to the publicly obnoxious - when he asks, ""Aren't You Embarrassed?"" This new, one-hour comedy special is deeply relatable and highly entertaining as it is inspired by real-life irritations that keep audiences rolling in laughter."
Bandolero!=1968-06-01=Posing as a hangman, Mace Bishop arrives in town with the intention of freeing a gang of outlaws, including his brother, from the gallows. Mace urges his younger brother to give up crime. The sheriff chases the brothers to Mexico. They join forces, however, against a group of Mexican bandits.
Bubblegum and Broken Fingers=2011-01-01="""If you don't have your own plan, you'll damn sure be a part of someone else's."" That quote kicks off the first of multiple story lines, in the crime ensemble ""Bubblegum &amp; Broken Fingers."" This character-driven collage of sex, violence and survival is equal parts western, gangster and love stories. We follow the journey of a mysterious silver briefcase and witness the havoc it brings each new owner."
Resurrected=1989-03-12=A Falklands War soldier missing, believed dead, turns up claiming amnesia.
For Greater Glory - The True Story of Cristiada=2012-06-01=A chronicle of the Cristeros War (1926-1929), which was touched off by a rebellion against the Mexican government's attempt to secularize the country.
Everything Is Copy=2015-09-29="Jacob Bernstein's extremely entertaining film is a tribute to his mother Nora Ephron: Hollywood-raised daughter of screenwriters who grew up to be an ace reporter turned piercingly funny essayist turned novelist/screenwriter/playwright/director. Ephron comes vibrantly alive onscreen via her words; the memories of her sisters, colleagues, former spouses, and many friends; scenes from her movies; and, above all, her own inimitable presence. Watch any given moment of Ephron being her sparkling but caustically witty self (for instance, this response to a scolding talk show host—""You have a soft spot for Julie Nixon, don't you. See, I don't..."") and you find it hard to believe that she’s been gone from our midst for three years. Everything Is Copy (Ephron's motto, inherited from her mother) is a lovingly drawn but frank portrait and, incidentally, a vivid snapshot of an earlier, livelier, bitchier, and funnier moment in New York culture."
Per il gusto di uccidere=1966-08-06="Lanky Fellow has a typical cynical SW like way to earn his living. He observes valuable transports of money or gold, but when they are robbed he doesn't intervene, but follows the robbers and then brings the loot back to collect the insurance. When his ""job"" brings him in conflict with the notorious outlaw Gus Kenneback, he has personal reasons to protect the money as Kenneback was once responsible for the death of Lanky's brother.  Source: SWDB http://www.spaghetti-western.net"
Hate Crime=2006-03-16=Robbie Levinson and Trey McCoy suddenly encounter intolerance and hostility at the hands of their new neighbor, Chris Boyd, the son of a fundamentalist preacher.
Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa=1993-01-01=Sunil belongs to a middle-class family, and is intent in pursuing his career with a music group, despite of his dad disapproval. Sunil is also in love with Anna, but Anna does not really love him, but likes him as a friend. Sunil is persistent, but instead Anna openly declares her love for Chris. In order to impress his dad, Sunil forges his examination results, but then later confesses to his family, who receive this news in utter dismay. Will this change Sunil's ways? Will Anna change her mind about Sunil or will she get married to Chris?
Homegrown: The Counter-Terror Dilemma=2016-02-08=An insider’s account from the perspectives of those who helped construct America’s counter-terrorism machine -- and of its targets.
Angélique, Marquise Des Anges=1964-01-01=In 17th-century France, beautiful country maiden Angélique (Michèle Mercier) marries wealthy neighbor Jeoffray de Peyrac (Robert Hossein) out of convenience, but eventually, she falls in love with him. So when Jeoffray is arrested and then vanishes, she bravely sets out to find him. This is the first of many dramas based on Anne and Serge Golon's novels about strong-willed Angélique and her adventures during the reign of Louis XIV, the Sun King.
Sinister 2=2015-08-19=A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death.
Heartlands=2002-08-20=Gentle Colin 'Col' Lawes happily lead a quiet life, running a news agency with his soiled-rotten wife Sandra and playing competition darts in the Atletic Arms team. Colin catches her committing adultery with team captain Geoff, a cop, who pretends Colin abused her. Col is thrown off the team just after it qualified for the league finals in Blackpool. He decides to travel there alone, hoping to win her back. The adventurous journey feels like the start of a more playful life.
Angel Heart=1987-03-06=The down-and-out private detective Harry Angel is ordered, by a mysterious man named Louis Cyphre, to go on a mission to find a missing person. His routine failure soon leads to a bloody spar with himself as Harry Angel goes on a supernatural journey into his soul.
War Pigs=2015-08-03=A rag tag unit of misfits known as the War Pigs must go behind enemy lines to exterminate Nazis by any means necessary.
தீமொண்டே கோலோனி=2015-05-22=Four friends go into a haunted mansion on a whim but they do not realize that they have returned home with an evil spirit, from which escape might be impossible.
La tourneuse de pages=2006-08-09=Mélanie Prouvost, a ten-year-old butcher's daughter, is a gifted pianist. That is why she and her parents decide that she sit for the Conservatory entrance exam. Although Mélanie is very likely to be admitted, she unfortunately gets distracted by the president of the jury's offhand attitude and she fails. Ten years later, Mélanie becomes her page turner, waiting patiently for her revenge.
Le Grand Restaurant=1966-01-01=A great French restaurant's owner, Monsieur Septime (Louis de Funès), is thrust into intrigue and crime, when one of his famous guests disappears.
Hellbenders=2013-10-18=An exorcism comedy which follows the Order of Hellbound Saints (Brooklyn Parish), a highly secretive and profoundly blasphemous men of God, as they battle demonic forces too terrible to be cast out by traditional Vatican-approved methods.
Red Dawn=1984-08-10=It is the mid-1980s. From out of the sky, Soviet and Cuban troops begin landing on the football field of a Colorado high school. In seconds, the paratroops have attacked the school and sent a group of teenagers fleeing into the mountains. Armed only with hunting rifles, pistols and bows and arrows, the teens struggles to survive the bitter winter and Soviet KGB patrols hunting for them.
Μαγική Πόλη=1955-07-18=A look at poverty in post-war Athens. Kosmas, a young man living in the slums, constantly tries to make ends meet, hoping for a better day. Because of debts, he gets tangled up in smuggling. His morals are tested and he tries to find a way out.
Room 6=2006-01-01=The school teacher Amy has been proposed by her boyfriend Nick early in the morning and she promises her answer later in the afternoon...
Ora o mai più=2003-01-01=David, a student in Pisa who is about to pass his final exam, gets involved in an anti-globalist group.
지구를 지켜라!=2003-04-04=A traumatized young man abducts Korean leaders, believing they're toxic reptilian aliens - a fifth column launching a takeover of beloved Earth. Stumped law enforcement geniuses half-seriously hire a disgraced, disheveled private detective with a long-ago history of super-crime solving. The alienated South Korean youngster Lee Byeong-gu builds an isolated basement command post/torture chamber/film studio to force the awful truth out of the slimy, uncooperative politicians and businesspeople, then alert the public. Byeong-gu is helped by his devoted girlfriend, who buys his theories, but wonders if his horrible childhood has colored his thinking.
Jim Gaffigan: Mr. Universe=2012-04-11=Recorded at the Warner Theater in Washington, DC on February 25th, 2012, Mr Universe follows in the model of Louis CK's Live At The Beacon Theater and has been made exclusively available for online purchase only, directly from Gaffigan's website.  This 75-minute special contains more of Gaffigan's trademark, surreal humor on food, life, his nit-picky fans, and whales in denial.  Also, a part of the proceeds from sales of Mr. Universe will go to the Bob Woodruff Foundation, a organization which assists veterans and their families as servicemen return to civilian life.
El día que murió el silencio=1999-07-02=A handsome and mysterious stranger, played by Darío Grandinetti, walks into the town square of Villaserena one day and strategically places loudspeakers around the town, blaring a variety of musical tunes. Soon, he begins to sell airtime to the various locals, who broadcast their own personal love dedications and (more frequently) insults for all to hear. A subplot evolves between Abelardo (the stranger), Celeste (a young woman who is chained inside her father's house to stop her running away), and José (a young man).
Como Esquecer=2010-10-15=Julia is a 35-year-old English Literature teacher struggling with depression as she tries to get her life back together again after her long, intense love affair with Antonia. Feeling totally abandoned after she and her enigmatic girlfriend broke up, Julia is thrown into a desperate, painful process. Her life and her values have been tinged with unbearable melancholy and her life's measure seems reduced to out-of-focus fragments of her memories. Her inner turmoil and conflicts hamper a process now made necessary - that of readapting to her new life. It is impossible for her to disguise her pain when she attempts to narrate emotions.
If You Build It=2014-01-10=A year in the life of one of America's most innovative classrooms where students design &amp; build to transform their hometown community. The film follows Emily Pilloton and Matt Miller as they teach the fundamentals of design, architecture and construction to a class of high school juniors in rural North Carolina.
Dragon Hunter=2008-12-01=Orphaned as a baby when his parents were killed in a vicious orc attack, Kendrick of Elwood was raised by his elder brother, Darius. Now, after years of absence, a new danger emerges, more lethal than the threat of orcs or men. Reports of dragon attacks spread like wildfire through the panicked land.
Astérix le Gaulois=1967-12-20=In the year 50 BC, Gaul is occupied by the Romans - nearly. But the small village of Asterix and his friends still resists the Roman legions with the aid of their druid's magic potion, which gives superhuman strength. Learning of this potion, a Roman centurion kidnaps the druid to get the secret formula out of him.
जाने भी दो यारों=1983-08-12=Two zanies open a photography studio. They score a partnership with a gossip magazine that suddenly thrusts them into a world of corruption, murder, and hijinks.
Shooting Gallery=2005-12-26=A street-smart pool player falls in with a pack of hustlers. As he rises in the underground circuit, he lands in the middle of a match between his boss and a crooked cop.
A Christmas Memory=1997-12-21=A boy, Buddy, whose parents have split and whose mother is an actress in New York, has been dumped in the south at the small-town home of some older cousins, all of whom are unmarried.
True Crime=1996-03-12=Mary Giordano is a bright, intelligent student who goes to a catholic school. She also has a addiction to mystery novels and detective magazines (hence the title of the movie), which inspire her to do her own detective work. When she starts snooping around on the case of a murderer of teenage girls, it gets her in hot water with her mentor Detective Jerry Gunn. But it also starts a team up with police cadet Tony Campbell. The two work together to find the murderer. But the closer Mary gets to solving the murder, the more danger she puts herself in of being the next victim.
Ye Olden Days=1933-04-08=The princess (Minnie) is to wed the Prince (Goofy, still known as Dippy Dawg) against her wishes. When she refuses, her father the king locks her in the tower. Minstrel Mickey sees her and rescues her, making a rope from the clothes of lady-in-waiting Clarabell. The king spots them and prepares to chop off Mickey's head until Minnie intercedes. The king calls for a joust. Mickey wins, and they live happily ever after.
Yarden=2016-03-11=Based on Kristian Lundberg's novel about Anders, who goes from acclaimed author to physical worker at the bottom of society. He can no longer support himself through his cultural work and is forced to start anew, as a worker in Malmö harbour, at a place called 'The Yard'.
World for Ransom=1954-01-31="Made by the same production set-up on the same lot that was producing the 1953-54 ""China Smith/Captain China"" TV series that starred Dan Duryea as soldier-of-fortune China Smith, using many of the same players that were regulars on the TV series. Director Aldrich went uncredited possibly because the film was a quickly-made but poor product."
London in the Raw=1965-04-23="Influenced by the worldwide success of Italian 'Mondo' movies, British low-budget movie mogul Arnold Louis Miller concocted this exploitation-style documentary. Peering behind the grimy net curtains of London life into seedy bars and clubs, and burrowing beneath the glittering façade of the capital's glamorous cocktail lounges and casinos, ""London in the Raw"" presents a cynical, sometimes startling, vision of life in 1960s London."
Der var engang=1966-10-01=Den lunefulde og overforkælede prinsesse af Illyrien (Birgitte Price) modtager den ene frier efter den anden. Ingen af dem falder dog i hendes kræsne smag. En dansk prins (Peter Steen) forsøger sig og bliver også afvist. Han sætter sig for, at han vil give hende en lærestreg. Han forklæder sig som en fattig tater og bortfører hende til sin beskedne pottermagerhytte. Her lever de et fattig, men godt liv. Først da de er blevet gift, får prinsessen sandheden at vide.
Divorce=1945-08-18=A woman who has been married and divorced five times comes back to her small hometown, where she proceeds to complicate, and potentially destroy, the marriage of her childhood boyfriend.
Liang Zhu=1994-08-13=In 3A.D., during the Eastern Jin Dynasty, parents dress a very pretty, very privileged girl like a boy so she may be educated in a local boarding school. There, she falls in love with a poor, but handsome and industrious young man, but their short love affair ends in disaster. Written by
The Creature Walks Among Us=1956-04-26="The third film in The ""Creature From The Black Lagoon"" franchise sees the Gill Man turned into an air-breather by a mad scientist."
Backdraft=1991-05-24=They say a blast of flames can take a life ... and hide a secret. But now firemen brothers Brian and Stephen McCaffrey are battling each other over past slights while trying to stop an arsonist with a diabolical agenda from torching Chicago.
The Call of the Wild=1976-05-22=A prospector, a trapper and their sled dog battle the Klondike elements on their journey to get to the gold country.
Equilibrium=2002-12-06=In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. A man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system.
Anata kaimasu=1956-11-21=A talent scout moves sharply, dead-set on signing a promising athlete to the team the Toyko Flowers.
Dylan Dog: Dead of Night=2011-03-16=Supernatural private eye, Dylan Dog, seeks out the monsters of the Louisiana bayou in his signature red shirt, black jacket and blue jeans.
Nancy Drew... Reporter=1939-02-18="While participating in a contest at a local newspaper in which school children are asked to submit a news story, local attorney Carson Drew's daughter Nancy intercepts a real story assignment. She ""covers"" the inquest of the death of a woman who was poisoned. Nancy doesn't think the young woman accused of the crime is guilty and corrals her neighbor Ted into searching for a vital piece of evidence, and they stumble onto the identity of the real killer."
Violette=2013-09-06=Born out of wedlock early in the last century, Violette Leduc meets Simone de Beauvoir in postwar Saint-Germain-des-Près. An intense lifelong relationship develops between the two women authors, based on Violette's quest for freedom through writing and on Simone's conviction that she holds in her hands the destiny of an extraordinary writer.
We Are What We Are=2013-09-27=In this reimagining of the 2010 Mexican film of the same name, director Jim Mickle paints a gruesome portrait of an introverted family struggling to keep their macabre traditions alive, giving us something we can really sink our teeth into.
Teodora, imperatrice di Bisanzio=1954-07-02=Teodora, a Roman courtesan and former slave girl, marries the Roman emperor Justinian and assumes the throne as Empress of Rome. But the divide between nobility and slave is too great. Teodora seeks justice for her people, and revolution and armed conflict erupt in both Byzantium and Rome.
Go, Johnny, Go!=1959-06-01=Rock-n-roll promoter Alan Freed holds a talent search to develop a new rock star, then must find the elusive, mystery contestant (Jimmy Clanton) who doesn't know he has won.
Linha de Passe=2008-09-05=In the periphery of São Paulo, the pregnant single mother Cleuza works as maid in the apartment of a middle-class family. Each of her sons has a different unknown father: the oldest, Dênis, has a baby son that lives with his mother and he works as motorcycle courier.
Svartur á leik=2012-03-11=In the mid to late 90's, the Reykjavik crime and drug scene saw a drastic change from a relatively small and innocent world into a much more aggressive and violent one.. The film tells the story of this change through the fictional gang of pushers that took control of Iceland's underworld.
The Thirty Nine Steps=1978-11-04=The year is 1914 and Richard Hannay, Mining Engineer who is visiting Britain for a short time before returning to South Africa, is shocked when one of his neighbours, Colonel Scudder, bursts into his rooms one night and tells him a story that Prussian 'sleeper' agents are planning to pre-start World War I by murdering a visiting foreign minister. However, Scudder is murdered and Hannay is framed for the death by the 'sleepers'. Fleeing to Scotland Hannay attempts to clear his name and to stop the agents with the aid of Alex Mackenzie but not only is he is chased by Chief Supt Lomas for Scudder's death but by the agents who is headed by Appleton who has managed to hide himself in a high-placed position in the British Government...
For the Birds=2000-11-01=One by one, a flock of small birds perches on a telephone wire. Sitting close together has problems enough, and then comes along a large dopey bird that tries to join them. The birds of a feather can't help but make fun of him - and their clique mentality proves embarrassing in the end.
Last Holiday=1950-05-15=George Bird is a salesman of agricultural machinery who finds out that he hasn't long to live. On his doctor's advice, he goes to an exclusive seaside resort to spend his savings on one last holiday.
On the Twelfth Day of Christmas=2015-12-12=Maggie Chalke is torn between her journalistic integrity and helping her long time crush Mitch O'Grady when her boss orders her to write a story for the paper about the Secret Santa gifts she's been sending Mitch to help him relearn his love for Christmas.
Fjols til fjells=1957-08-19="The story takes place on Hurlumhei skiing hotel, where the porter Poppe, unforgettably played by Leif Juster, is experiencing one complication after the other with a rich cast of characters. Fjols til Fjells (""Fools in the mountains"") is a movie about white phones, disguised Piccolos, charming actors and alcoholic businessmen."
Smiling Fish & Goat On Fire=1999-09-16=Two brothers share a house in LA's Fairfax district: Tony's a feckless actor, Chris is an accountant. Both are in relationships on rocky ground. As these emotions swirl, Tony meets his US Postal Service letter carrier, a single mom named Kathy who's come to LA from Wyoming with her daughter, a budding actress. Chris meets Anna, an Italian beauty working in the States for a few months wrangling animals on movie sets. Chris also befriends Clive, an aging and crusty man whose longing for his recently-deceased wife is a portrait of true love. Can Clive's example help Chris sort out his love life, and can Tony grow up enough to see the possibilities with Kathy and her daughter?
Army Dog=2016-01-12=A brave Army dog returns to the U.S., where he helps his heroic handler bond with his resentful daughter on a camping trip despite danger lurking around every corner.
Bad Boys=1995-04-07=Marcus Burnett is a hen-pecked family man. Mike Lowry is a foot-loose and fancy free ladies' man. Both are Miami policemen, and both have 72 hours to reclaim a consignment of drugs stolen from under their station's nose. To complicate matters, in order to get the assistance of the sole witness to a murder, they have to pretend to be each other.
Alpha House=2014-03-11=When two freshmen pledges are accepted into the biggest party frat on campus (ALPHA HOUSE), they think they have it all. That is, until the assistant dean forces the Alphas to share their house with a sorority or face expulsion from school. Not wanting to see their lifelong dream of becoming Alphas destroyed, the pledges convince the other members of the house to take back what's theirs, waging an epic battle of the sexes to fight for their right to party.
Echelon Conspiracy=2009-02-27=Mysterious cell phone messages promise a young American engineer untold wealth - then make him the target of a deadly international plot. Dangerous security operatives chase the engineer across the globe, while a powerful government official pursues a mysterious agenda that threatens the stability of the entire world.
Male and Female=1919-11-23=Gloria Swanson plays a spoiled maiden who always gets her way until shipwrecked with her butler, then learns which qualities are really admirable in a person.
Basket Case=1982-04-14=A young man carrying a big basket that contains his deformed Siamese-twin brother seeks vengeance on the doctors who separated them against their will.
Le Mans=1971-06-23=Steve McQueen is ideally cast as a champion race car driver, participating in the famed 24-hour race headquartered in Le Mans, France. Though dedicated to Going for the Gold, McQueen finds time to romance widowed Elga Andersen. The dramatic angle to this plot wrinkle is that McQueen may well have been responsible for the death of Andersen's husband during a previous car pile-up. Director John Sturges, who'd previously helmed Steve McQueen's legendary motorcycle chase scenes in The Great Escape, was originally slated to direct Le Mans, but withdrew from the project; it was then taken over by Lee H. Katzin.
Urs al-Jalil=1988-01-01=A Palestinian seeks Israeli permission to waive curfew to give his son a fine wedding. The military governor's condition is that he and his officers attend. The groom berates his father for agreeing. Women ritually prepare the bride; men prepare the groom. Guests gather. The Arab youths plot violence. One Israeli officer swoons in the heat and Arab women take her into the cool house. A thoroughbred gets loose and runs to a mined field; soldiers and Arabs must cooperate to rescue it. As darkness falls, tensions between army and villagers rise, and the groom's wedding-night anger and impotence threaten family dignity and honor. Can cool heads prevail?
Quills=2000-11-22=A nobleman with a literary flair, the Marquis de Sade lives in a madhouse where a beautiful laundry maid smuggles his erotic stories to a printer, defying orders from the asylum's resident priest. The titillating passages whip all of France into a sexual frenzy, until a fiercely conservative doctor tries to put an end to the fun.
Punishment Park=1971-05-09=In this fictional documentary, U.S. prisons are at capacity, and President Nixon declares a state of emergency. All new prisoners, most of whom are connected to the antiwar movement, are now given the choice of jail time or spending three days in Punishment Park, where they will be hunted for sport by federal authorities. The prisoners invariably choose the latter option, but learn that, between the desert heat and the brutal police officers, their chances of survival are slim.
WiNWiN=2016-01-27=American investment fund buys Austrian companies, but also takes over politics in Vienna. Money still makes the world go round.
West Of Shanghai=1937-10-30=American businessmen and missionaries working in China are captured and held prisoner by a local warlord.
Final Justice=1985-01-01=Due to his violent past, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo III (Joe Don Baker) has been transferred to a rural outpost. When two thugs kill the sheriff, Geronimo shoots one of them, and the other vows revenge. Unfortunately for Geronimo, that thug turns out to be a mob boss, and the court orders Geronimo to extradite him back to his home in Sicily. When their plane is hijacked, the adversaries find their roles reversed.
Cat Ballou=1965-06-24=A woman seeking revenge for her murdered father hires a famous gunman, but he's very different from what she expects.
Hop=2011-03-30=E.B., the Easter Bunny's teenage son, heads to Hollywood, determined to become a drummer in a rock 'n' roll band. In LA, he's taken in by Fred after the out-of-work slacker hits E.B. with his car.
The Upside of Anger=2005-01-23=After her husband runs off with his secretary, Terry Wolfmeyer is left to fend for herself -- and her four daughters. As she hits rock bottom, Terry finds a friend and drinking buddy in next-door neighbor Denny, a former baseball player. As the two grow closer, and her daughters increasingly rely on Denny, Terry starts to have reservations about where their relationship is headed.
Popcorn=1991-02-01=A horror film festival, held in a theater which was once the scene of a tragic fire, turns into a real life horror show.
Grigris=2013-07-10=A 25 year old young man with dreams of becoming a dancer despite the fact that he's paralyzed from the waist down. His dreams are shattered when his uncle falls seriously ill. To save him, he decides to go work for petrol traffickers.
心が叫びたがってるんだ。=2015-09-19=A young girl had her voice magically taken away so that she would never hurt people with it, but her outlook changes when she encounters music and friendship.
Why We Fight: Divide and Conquer=1943-01-01="The third film of Frank Capra's 'Why We Fight"" propaganda film series, dealing with the Nazi conquest of Western Europe in 1940."
Stonewall=2015-09-18="""Stonewall"" is a drama about a young man in New York caught up during the 1969 Stonewall Riots, a pivotal event widely considered the starting point for the modern gay civil rights movement."
Tom Jones=1963-10-06=Tom loves Sophie and Sophie loves Tom. But Tom and Sophie are of differering classes. Can they find a way through the mayhem to be true to love?
Between Us=2012-09-13=A New York couple and their Midwestern friends find that drastic changes have occurred in their respective lives since they last met.
Hamari Adhuri Kahani=2015-06-12=Hamari Adhuri Kahani (English: Our Incomplete Story) is a 2015 Indian romantic drama directed by Mohit Suri and produced by Mahesh Bhatt under the banner Vishesh Films and Fox Star Studios. The film stars Emraan Hashmi, Vidya Balan, and Rajkummar Rao. It is based on the love story of Bhatt's parents, Nanabhai Bhatt, Shirin Mohammad Ali and his stepmother.
So Proudly We Hail=1943-09-08="A group of U.S. Army nurses leaves San Francisco for their tour of duty in Hawaii in December 1941. The attack on Pearl Harbor changes their destination, and their lives. Sent to Bataan, in the Philippines, the nurses are led by Lt. Janet Davidson. She is faced with untested nurses who expected an easy time in Honolulu, but who quickly become battle-weary veterans dealing with daily bombardments by the Japanese, overwhelmed by the numbers of wounded, and dwindling supplies. Some of ""Davey's"" unit also have to deal with romantic entanglements with men they met onboard ship. When Bataan falls, the American forces flee to the offshore island of Corregidor, where they find the Japanese assault just as intense."
Savage Abduction=1973-01-01=A serial killer murders a businessman's wife, then blackmails the man into procuring young girls for him to murder. The businessman hires a gang of renegade motor-cyclists to kidnap girls for him.
The Legend of the Candy Cane=2001-06-01=The Legend of the Candy Cane
Trigger Man=2007-10-19=Inspired by true events...The story of three hunters who mysteriously became the hunted.
Dokter Vlimmen=1977-02-23=A veterinarian lives together with his sister and her son in a small Flemish village. He has to cope with gossip and distrust from the villagers.
Prom Night in Mississippi=2009-01-15=A high school in a small-town in Mississippi prepares for its first integrated senior prom.
Such Good Friends=1971-12-16=Otto Preminger directs this comedy-drama based upon the novel by Lois Gould and adapted by Elaine May (under the pseudonym Esther Dale).  Julie Messinger (Dyan Cannon) is an intense woman who hides her wild emotions and desires under her conventional facade.  Her husband Richard (Laurence Luckinbill) checks into the hospital for a simple mole removal that goes seriously wrong.  The stellar cast includes James Coco, Jennifer O'Neill, Ken Howard, Louise Lasser, Nina Foch, Sam Levine, Doris Roberts and Burgess Meredith.
You're a Big Boy Now=1966-09-09="Bernard Chanticleer's father gives him two simple words of advice: ""Grow up."" Bernard knows that his first step is to find a girl who's ""willing,"" but he passes up a sure thing, Amy Partlett, for a more elusive goal. Her name is Barbara Darling, an inscrutable go-go dancer. More than a few obstacles keep Bernard from his dream world. There's his doting mother, who mails him locks of her hair and weeps at the thought of her baby as a man; there's a malicious rooster, trained to attack pretty girls, patrolling the halls of his New York City rooming house; and most of all, there's Barbara herself. She turns out to be a man hater, emotionally scarred by the lecherous wooden-legged hypnotherapist who ""counseled"" her in high school. All in all, Bernard finds himself in an improbable universe with a calculated clumsiness designed to evoke his confusing coming-of-age."
Not Quite Hollywood=2008-08-28="As Australian cinema broke through to international audiences in the 1970s through respected art house films like Peter Weir's ""Picnic At Hanging Rock,"" a new underground of low-budget exploitation filmmakers were turning out considerably less highbrow fare. Documentary filmmaker Mark Hartley explores this unbridled era of sex and violence, complete with clips from some of the scene's most outrageous flicks and interviews with the renegade filmmakers themselves."
The Dry Land=2010-07-30=A U.S. soldier returning home from war struggles to reconcile his experiences abroad with the life and family he left in Texas.
Marlene=1984-10-01=Retrospective on the career of enigmatic screen diva Marlene Dietrich.
Ты и я=1971-10-25=A neurosurgeon returns back to the USSR from Sweden and has to deal with rejection - both at work and at home.
Short Track=2008-08-30=Carolinian Blake Beckett (Pepper Sweeney), the son of a stock car racing legend, is a 4-time short track racing champion. Blake never made it to the speedways of the National Cup Racing circuit, but surely he could still have a shot? The daily life experiences of Blake's family and crew are exposed through unique characters that work and play through the weeks that culminate in 120 mph Saturday nights.
Cry Wilderness=1987-02-01=A Bigfoot-type creature befriends Paul, a young student. His father is a park ranger trying to capture an escaped tiger. Everyone in town is on edge and wants the tiger killed. David tries to keep Bigfoot a secret.
Frankenstein 1970=1958-07-20=The baron's grandson rents the family castle to a TV crew to fund his atomic revival of the family monster.
Comoara=2015-06-02=Costi leads a peaceful life. At night he likes to read his 6-year-old son stories, to help him sleep. Their favourite is Robin Hood. Costi sees himself as the hero - righter of wrongs and defender of the oppressed. One evening, his neighbour pays him an unexpected visit and shares a secret: there's treasure buried in his grandparents' garden, he's sure of it. If Costi will hire a metal detector to help locate it, he'll give him half of whatever they get. Skeptical at first, in the end Costi can't resist. He's on board. The two accomplices have one weekend to locate the loot. Despite every obstacle in their path, Costi refuses to be discouraged. For his wife and son, he's a real hero - nothing and no one are going to stop him.
Let Fury Have the Hour=2012-12-14=A documentary chronicling the rise of art as a response to political change that defined the 1980s.  A mixed media documentary incorporating art, music, animation, and spoken work Let Fury Have the Hour is told through the voices of the artists of the day.
Terror Trap=2010-09-22=Driving to a weekend getaway, a car breakdown strands young couple Don and Nancy (David James Elliot and Heather Marsden) while passing through a small, rural Louisiana town. Finding the couple on the roadside, the towns inhospitable Sheriff Taylor (Jeff Fahey) tells them therell be no one to repair their car before morning. He directs them to a nearby motel for the night run by Carter (Michael Madsen). Checking into the seedy, rundown establishment, Don and Nancy have no way of knowing how this place deals with outsiders. Badge aside, the Sherriff answers to Carter, as do a gang of twisted, masked kidnappers, torturers, and killers. By the time Don and Nancy realize whats happening, its too late to flee. They must fight to survive the night, or be the next victims of the Terror Trap...
枪火=1999-11-19=Triad boss Lung (Eddy Ko), who has just escaped being killed in an assassination attempt hires the killers Curtis (Anthony Wong), James (Lam Suet), Mike (Roy Cheung), Roy (Francis Ng) and Shin (Jackie Lui) for his protection.
Tiger Bay=1959-03-01=A Polish sailor and a young Welsh tomboy become unlikely allies after she witnesses him commit a crime of passion in the docklands area of Cardiff. With its location shooting and scenes of port city street culture, Tiger Bay presaged the cinema of the British New Wave, while Hayley Mills’ starring performance won the 12 year-old a special prize at the Berlin Film Festival and launched her career.
The Road=2011-11-30=A 12 year old cold case is reopened when three teens are missing in an old abandoned road where a gruesome murder is left undiscovered for three decades.
My Sweet Pepper Land=2014-04-09=Baran, a war hero, becomes sheriff of the capital and refuses to bow down to a tribal chief.
Winning Dad=2015-10-18=A young man tricks his homophobic father into a camping trip with his secret boyfriend.
American Pie Presents: Beta House=2007-12-10=Erik, Ryan, and Cooze start college and pledge the Beta House fraternity, presided over by none other than legendary Dwight Stifler. But chaos ensues when a fraternity of geeks threatens to stop the debauchery and the Betas have to make a stand for their right to party.
Tuntematon emäntä=2011-02-04=Finnish Documentary
The Elevator: Three Minutes Can Change Your Life=2013-01-30=A disturbing psychological thriller, that engages the audience to the point that it is always caught off guard, thus changing the point of view of the two main performers.
Domino Kid=1957-10-01=A rancher vows revenge on the five men responsible for his father's death.
Sour Grapes=2016-05-27=Controversy erupts when an unassuming young man floods the American wine market with fake vintages valued in the millions, bamboozling the wine world elite, in this humorous and suspenseful tale of an ingenious con on the eve of the 2008 stock market crash.
Decision Before Dawn=1951-12-21="WWII is entering its last phase: Germany is in ruins, but does not yield. The US army lacks crucial knowledge about the German units operating on the opposite side of the Rhine, and decides to send two German prisoners to gather information. The scheme is risky: the Gestapo retains a terribly efficient network to identify and capture spies and deserters. Moreover, it is not clear that ""Tiger"", who does not mind any dirty work as long as the price is right, and war-weary ""Happy"", who might be easily betrayed by his feelings, are dependable agents. After Tiger and another American agent are successfully infiltrated, Happy is parachuted in Bavaria. His duty: find out the whereabouts of a powerful German armored unit moving towards the western front."
The Last Band In Lebanon=2016-10-13=A comedy about three military band reservists who wake to discover that the Israeli army has withdrawn from Lebanon and left them behind.
O futebol=2016-04-21=Sergio and his father, Simão, haven’t seen each other for over 20 years. On the eve of the 2014 World Cup, Sergio returns to his hometown, São Paulo, hoping to watch the games with Simão, as they used to when he was a kid. It seems to be a perfect plan for a father-son reunion: a whole month together, their schedule based on the World Cup calendar. But as the days go by, their relationship starts to wander into unknown territory and their pact to watch the entire tournament together turns into a dangerous ritual…
5ive Girls=2006-01-01=Five wayward teenage girls are sent to a reformatory and discover they possess unique powers to battle the ancient demon, Legion, which holds thrall over the sinister institution.
Envy=2004-04-30=A man becomes increasingly jealous of his friend's newfound success.
Dominick and Eugene=1988-03-18=Dominick and Eugene are twins, but Dominick is a little bit slow due do an accident in his youth. They live together, with Dominick working as garbage man to put Eugene through medical school. Their relationship becomes strained when Eugene must decide between his devotion to his brother, or his need to go away to complete his training. Things are also not helped by Dominick's co-worker, or Eugene's budding romance.
What Maisie Knew=2013-05-02=Based on the Henry James novella, the story frames on 7-year-old Maisie, caught in a custody battle between her mother – a rock and roll icon – and her father. What Maisie Knew is an evocative portrayal of the chaos of adult life seen entirely from a child’s point of view.
Happy Accidents=2000-01-25=A comedy that pays tribute to the science fiction genre -- specifically, the sub-genre of time travel. But here the alternate reality is contemporary New York City where past and future experiences of trust, commitment and denial are cleverly put to the test. Just as Ruby is beginning to relish her first-ever healthy relationship, Sam begins muttering about being a time traveler from the year 2470.
Mustang=2015-06-17=In a Turkish village, five orphaned sisters live under strict rule while members of their family prepare their arranged marriages.
La Domination Masculine=2009-11-25=A multi-faceted look at how, in a supposedly egalitarian (Western and post-industrial) world, women are still locked into gender roles and, disproportionately, victims of violence and discrimination.
Die Vermessung der Welt=2012-10-24="Germany in the early 19th century. ""Die Vermessung der Welt"" follows the two brilliant and eccentric scientists Alexander von Humboldt and Carl Friedrich Gauss on their life paths."
All of Me=2013-06-15=The 'Girls' have been friends for years, bonding over hopes, dreams, food, and the shared experience of being obese. But, now, as some pursue weight-loss surgery, their center has shifted and upset everything they knew about happiness, friendship, and love.
Nekromantik 2=1991-05-07=A female nurse desperately tries to hide her feelings of necrophilia from her new boyfriend, but still has pieces of the corpse of the first movie's hero in her possession.
True Crime=1999-03-19=Boozer, skirt chaser, careless father. You could create your own list of reporter Steve Everett's faults but there's no time. A San Quentin Death Row prisoner is slated to die at midnight – a man Everett has suddenly realized is innocent.
Saint Laurent=2014-09-23=1967-1976. As one of history's greatest fashion designers entered a decade of freedom, neither came out of it in one piece.
Reggie Watts: Why Shit So Crazy?=2010-07-01=One of the most fascinating and unique artists working today, Reggie Watts combines looped vocals created live on stage with his unique brand of improvised comedy. Reggie's subjects range from ancient history to technology to spirit elves to theology to pop culture. The music incorporates hip-hop, trip-hop, 80's pop alternative, nu-metal and classical opera. Reggie loves to disorient and confuse people in the most entertaining way possible. This DVD features a combination of his various live performances.
Acción mutante=1993-02-03=In a future world ruled by good-looking people, a terrorist group of mutants led by Ramon Yarritu kidnap the daughter of Orujo, a rich businessman, to claim for the rights of the ugly people. Escaping from the police in their spaceship, Ramon try to kill his gang in order to get all the ransom. The trip ends abruptly when they crash in Axturiax, the planet of the crazy miners where no woman lives.
When Eight Bells Toll=1971-03-09=In a vein similar to Bond movies, a British agent Philip Calvert is on a mission to determine the whereabouts of a ship that disappeared near the coast of Scotland.
La Possibilité d'une île=2008-10-09=La Possibilité d'une île is a 2008 film directed by Michel Houellebecq, loosely based on his 2005 novel The Possibility of an Island.
Six Days in June=2007-05-18=The shooting lasted on six tense days in June 1967, but the Six Day War has never really ended. Every crisis that has ripped through this region in the ensuing decades stems from those six fateful days.
Camille Claudel 1915=2013-03-13=Winter, 1915. Confined by her family to an asylum in the South of France - where she will never sculpt again - the chronicle of Camille Claudel's reclusive life, as she waits for a visit from her brother, Paul Claudel.
61*=2001-04-28=In 1961, Roger Maris and Mickey Mantle played for the New York Yankees. One, Mantle, was universally loved, while the other, Maris, was universally hated. Both men started off with a bang, and both were nearing Babe Ruth's 60 home run record. Which man would reach it?
Live Nude Girls=1995-12-08=A group of old friends at a Hens Night discuss their issues, uncertainties, fears and fantasies.
Racing with the Moon=1984-03-23=Henry and Nicky are small town pals from blue collar families with only a short time before they ship off to World War II. Henry begins romancing new-to-town Caddie Winger, believing her to be wealthy. Mischievious and irresponsible, Nicky gets into trouble which forces the other two to become involved, testing their relationship, as well as the friendship between the boys.
The Lone Ranger and the Lost City of Gold=1958-01-01=Three Indians were brutally murdered by a gang of hooded outlaws. Each one possessed a silver medallion, which were sections cut off from a large silver plaque which served as a treasure map to a secret location where a large amount of gold is reputedly stashed. Two more medallions are unaccounted for, and the The Lone Ranger and his friend Tonto must use all their resources to intercept the gang, prevent further carnage and save the owners of the medallions.
Logorama=2009-01-01=Logorama's plot involves the adventures of two cops who are chasing an armed criminal through the streets of a fictionalized, stylized city. All characters and items throughout the film are depicted using real-life brand logos. The cops are portrayed as Michelin Men and the villain as Ronald McDonald.
害虫=2001-03-16=13-year-old Sachiko is about to encounter the most difficult moments in her young life. Her father abandons her and her mother. Her mother attempts to commit suicide by slashing her wrist. Her teacher, whom she relies on heavily, leaves for northern Japan to take another job. Other students start to gossip about Sachiko and her former teacher. Sachiko then drops out of school and attempts to find herself.
A Cinderella Story: Once Upon a Song=2011-09-05=In this modern telling of the classic tale, aspiring singer Katie Gibbs falls for the new boy at her performing arts high school. But Katie's wicked stepmother and stepsister are scheming to crush her dream before she can sing her way into his heart.
Sacrifice=2016-04-29=Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, Tora Hamilton, who moves with her husband, Duncan, to the remote Shetland Islands, 100 miles off the north-east coast of Scotland. Deep in the peat soil around her new home, Tora discovers the body of a young woman with rune marks carved into her skin and a gaping hole where her heart once beat. Ignoring warnings to leave well alone, Tora uncovers terrifying links to a legend that might never have been confined to the pages of the story-books.
Tin Men=1987-03-06=A minor car accident drives two rival aluminum-siding salesmen to the ridiculous extremes of man versus man in 1963 Baltimore.
Annapolis=2006-01-27=Jake Huard, from a shipbuilders family, promised his dying mother he'ld make it to Anapolis Naval Academy. Thanks to tenaciously bugging a Congressman, he's selected despite dubious grades. Once inside, Jake soon proves sub-standard academically. Constantly challenged to his limits, repeatedly made the 'over-cocky' reason for the entire class to suffer, Jake nearly quits, but after facing his utterly un-supportive father's gloating returns just in time. Stubborn Jake finds support withs mates as well as Senor Ali, his lover-to-be, and a discipline he may excel in: the 'brigade' boxing tournament, open to all ranks.
Destroyer=1988-04-01=A prison riot breaks out at the moment of a serial murderer's execution by electrocution, and his fate becomes indeterminate when the prison is shut down. 18 months later, a team of filmmakers converge on the prison to film a women-in-prison exploitation flick, but find that a certain somebody is disrupting their shooting schedule...
Big Jim McLain=1952-08-30=House Un-American Activities Committee investigators Jim McLain and Mal Baxter come to post war Hawaii to track Communist Party activities even though belonging to the party was legal at the time. They are interested in everything from insurance fraud to the sabotage of a U.S. naval vessel.
Strul=1988-02-25="Conny is a chemistry teacher who is framed for drug possession. Unable to prove his innocence he ends up in prison. When he finds a secret exit some inmates ""persuades"" him to participate in a heist. Things become extremely hectic as he tries to prove his innocence as well as ""helping"" his inmates. When Conny thinks that it couldn't possibly get any worse he meets Susanne, a policewoman..."
The Replacement Killers=1998-02-06=Hired assassin John Lee is asked by Chinatown crime boss Terence Wei to murder the young son of policeman Stan Zedkov. Lee has the boy in his sights, but his conscience gets the better of him, and he spares the child's life. Afraid that Wei will take revenge on his family in China, Lee seeks out expert forger Meg Coburn to obtain the passport he needs to get out of the country, but a band of replacement killers is soon on his trail.
Redistributors=2016-07-02=A city PR girl goes on the run accused of leaking information from the military supply company where she works. Chased by ex-soldiers she hides with her brother, a member of a shadowy hacker group, and has to choose between her luxury life - and the Redistributors.
The Cinema Snob Movie=2012-09-27=When small time exploitation filmmakers Craig (Brad Jones) and Neil (Jake Norvell) are denied filming permits by the snooty head of the local film commission (Ryan Mitchelle), Craig’s only option is to go undercover as a pretentious film snob. But once accepted by the group Craig finds himself thrust into a strange and deadly mystery surrounding the very secretive club.
The Road Within=2014-10-24=A young man with Tourette's Syndrome embarks on a road trip with his recently-deceased mother's ashes.
Manito=2002-01-15=Fifteen years ago, their Washington Heights neighborhood was dubbed the crack-cocaine capital of the world, but today it is transforming into one of the most vibrant, Spanish-speaking communities in the United States. While the drug dealers continue to disappear, their violent legacy still casts a shadow over the neighborhood and its residents. Junior, an ex-convict struggling to get his life back on track, is a product of this legacy. His younger brother Manny, the salutatorian of his high school class, embodies the hope of the future. On the night of his graduation party, Manny finds himself faced with an ill-fated decision that could change his life forever
La femme de l'aviateur=1981-03-04=A student is devastated when he finds that his girlfriend is cheating on him. In order to find out why she did it, he decides to spy on her and her airline pilot lover. Then he sees the pilot with a blonde woman and he begins to follow them…
Dawn Patrol=2015-06-05=After the brutal murder of his beloved brother, a small-town surfer seeks revenge against the gang of merciless thugs he holds responsible. However, when another tragedy brings him face to face with the consequences of his actions, he must seek forgiveness from the very people he despises most.
Foodies=2014-05-23=A documentary on the fine dining subculture of foodies. The interest in haute cuisine has grown exponentially. Now, we enter the world of one of the most influential people on the food scene - the foodie. A subculture of blogging food critics with a mission to eat at the best restaurants on earth. Through our close study, we get access to the world's most exclusive restaurants and get to know a group of slightly bizarre but charming food maniacs.
Rhinestone=1984-06-22=After a big-time country singer brags that she can turn anybody in to a country-singin' star, she's out to prove she can live up to her talk when she recruits a cab-driver as a country singer. He's scheduled to sing at a big-time NYC country night club and she puts her ample powers to work in preparing her protege.
Vares – Huhtikuun tytöt=2011-04-20=Tough Finnish detective Jussi Vares gets hired by a friend at a newspaper to investigate a 15 year old mystery regarding the disappearance of 3 girls.
El castillo de la pureza=1973-05-10=The story of a disciplined and sexually driven man who keeps his family isolated in his home for years to protect them from the “evil nature” of human beings while inventing (with his wife) rat poison.
Hi-Yo Silver=1940-04-10="Edited version of the 1938 Republic serial ""The Lone Ranger."""
Rescue From Gilligan's Island=1978-10-14=When a decaying Russian satellite crashes on the island, the Professor uses a key component for a barometer. With that device, he learns that a massive wave is going to swamp the island. In desperation, the castaways lash their huts together into one structure in order to have any chance to ride the disaster out.
O Ano em Que Meus Pais Saíram de Férias=2006-09-26=A boy is left alone in a Jewish neighborhood in the year of 1970, where both world cup and dictatorship happen in Brazil.
Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me?=1971-06-15=Georgie Soloway, a pop hit love song writer who cannot love, himself, or others. He spends his days with various women flying his plane, and dropping in to the world around him.
La femme du boulanger=1938-09-07=In this little Provencal village, a new baker, Aimable, settles down. His wife Aurelie is beautiful and much younger than he. She departs with a shepherd the night after Aimable produces his first breads. Aimable is so afflicted that he can not work anymore. Therefore, the villagers, who initially laughed at his cuckoldry, take the matter very seriously (they want the bread) and organize a plan to find Aurelie and to bring her back to the bakery.
National Lampoon’s European Vacation=1985-07-25=The Griswalds win a vacation to Europe on a game show, and thus pack their bags for the continent. They do their best to catch the flavor of Europe, but they just don't know how to be be good tourists. Besides, they have trouble taking holidays in countries where they CAN speak the language.
Spring Breakdown=2009-05-22=Three women in their thirties head to a popular Spring Break destination and try to relive the Spring Break they never had.
Kabluey=2007-06-25=Leslie is left with few options when her husband is sent back to war in the Middle East. A modest amount of help arrives in the form of his brother, Salman, who is less than prepared to care for the couple's two preadolescent boys. When Leslie still can't make ends meet on her own, Salman is forced to find employment, but, with minimal qualifications, his only option is to become a mascot for a digital company by donning a bulbous blue costume.
Bandidas=2006-01-18=Set in the late 19th century. When a ruthless robber baron takes away everything they cherish, a rough-and-tumble, idealistic peasant and a sophisticated heiress embark on a quest for justice, vengeance…and a few good heists.
The Sum of Us=1994-07-12="""The Sum of Us"" is an Aussie story about a father and a son both searching for love and sharing an unconventional bond. Harry, the father, is the caring and open-minded ""mate"" that borders on annoyance. His son Jeff unsuccessfully searches for love, with the unwanted guidance of his father."
Vesegonskaya Volchitsa=2004-08-26=A story about a relationships between man and wolf set in a very far away Russian village.
For Here or to Go?=2017-03-31=An aspiring Indian tech entrepreneur in the Silicon Valley finds himself unexpectedly battling the bizarre American immigration system to keep his dream alive or prepare to return home forever.
彼女の想いで=1995-12-23=Koji Morimato’s animated science fiction short story about how the boarder between reality and illusion on a space station become blurry.
황해=2010-12-22=The region where the borders of North Korea, China, and Russia come together, forms a sort of modern day wild west, where more than half of the population relies on illegal activity in order to survive. In Yanbian, on the Chinese side of the border, Gu-nam (Ha Jung-woo) wiles away his days driving a cab and spends his nights getting drunk and gambling. His wife went to Seoul to work and send back money, but it’s been months since he has heard from her. When local crime lord Myun (Kim Yun-seok) offers to erase Gu-nam’s debts in exchange for a contract killing in Seoul, Gu-nam reluctantly accepts.
Elmer Gantry=1960-06-19=An ex-football player becomes a popular evangelist in the 1920s Midwest.
Canon City=1948-06-30=Prisoners battle each other -- and the police -- when they escape the Colorado State Penitentiary.
All Things Fall Apart=2011-03-05=50 Cent stars as gifted college running back Deon in this touching drama. Deon's world turns upside down when an unexpected crisis jeopardizes his professional ambitions -- and causes him to look at himself and his life in a new way.
Phantasm III: Lord of the Dead=1994-05-06=The Tall Man, that imposing menace from Morningside Mortuary, is back and once again haunting the thoughts of the now-adult Mike and his friend, ex-Ice Cream vendor Reggie. The two continue their hunt for the mysterious figure and in his path of destruction encounter a variety of dangerous situations, friends and enemies.
Fuglene over sundet=2016-10-27=Fuglene Over Sundet is the gripping tale of the Danish Jews' escape to Sweden in October 1943.
Cinderella=1997-11-02=Updated version of the classic Rodgers and Hammerstein musical of the classic fairy-tale, with an all-star, multi-racial cast.
Ghost=1990-07-12=Sam Wheat is a banker, Molly Jensen is an artist, and the two are madly in love. However, when Sam is murdered by his friend and corrupt business partner Carl Bruner over a shady business deal, he is left to roam the earth as a powerless spirit. When he learns of Carl's betrayal, Sam must seek the help of psychic Oda Mae Brown to set things right and protect Molly from Carl and his goons.
Somewhere in the Night=1946-06-12=George Taylor returns from the WWII with amnesia. Back home in Los Angeles, he tries to track down his old identity, stumbling into a 3-year old murder case and a hunt for a missing $2 million.
Titãs - A Vida Até Parece uma Festa=2009-01-16=Brazilian documentary that tells the story of Titas, the most famous rock band in the country. The film was directed by one of the members, Branco Mello, using images recorded from the early 80's until the present day.
Mr. Civil Rights: Thurgood Marshall and the NAACP=2014-10-01=From PBS - Civil rights attorney Thurgood Marshall's triumph in the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision to desegregate America's public schools completed the final leg of a journey of over 20 years laying the groundwork to end legal segregation. He won more Supreme Court cases than any lawyer in American history, making the work of civil rights pioneers like the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Rosa Parks possible.
Fiona=1998-01-01=The director of Sue continues his exploration of the theme of lonely women lost in the big city with Fiona, which goes one step further and exposes the wasted lives of whores and junkies in New York.  The story of Fiona and her mother told in eight chapters.  Fiona is abandoned at six months of age, raised in foster and adoptive homes, abused, and, still a teen, hustles on the streets of New York.  We watch her use heroine, fall in love with other women, be pursued by men, engage in murderous violence, hide out in a crack house, and decide to leave the city.  We see her mother, also a streetwalker and drug user, occasionally talk about her lost daughter.  Fiona has a necklace she was clutching when a foundling. Will mother and daughter meet? Is there a silver lining?
Miracle at St. Anna=2008-09-15="Miracle at St. Anna chronicles the story of four American soldiers who are members of the all-black 92nd ""Buffalo Soldier"" Division stationed in Tuscany, Italy during World War II."
Dead of the Nite=2013-04-03=When a group of ghost hunters investigate the infamous Jericho Manor, they soon realise it's not just ghosts that go bump in the night! As people get murdered, the survivors need to discover who or what's killing them before it's too late.
The Ballad of Jack and Rose=2005-03-25=Jack Slavin is an environmentalist with a heart condition who lives with his daughter, Rose, on an isolated island. While Jack fights against developers who wish to build in the area, he also craves more contact with other people. When he invites his girlfriend, Kathleen, and her sons, Rodney and Thaddius, to move in, Rose is upset. The complicated family dynamics makes things difficult for everyone in the house.
Ernest Goes to School=1994-12-14=Jim Varney's recurring dim-bulb character Ernest P. Worrell returns in this film as a school bus driver seeking to obtain a high school diploma.
Sly Cooper=2017-12-31=Sly Cooper is a kinetic and comedic heist film that tells the story of Sly Cooper, an orphaned raccoon thief, along with his childhood friends and partners in crime, Bentley Turtle and Murray Hippo. In the film, Sly learns of his birth family's secret legacy; that he comes from a long line of talented and international thieves. Endowed with this knowledge, Sly and his friends are catapulted into a global adventure as they race to reassemble pieces of an ancient book holding The Cooper Clan's family secrets before it can fall into the hands of Clockwerk -- an evil Russian metallic owl bent on ending the Cooper family line. From romantic Parisian backdrops to the lush mountains of China, gritty film noir meets bright, colorful graphic novels in this origin story of the world's greatest thief-turned-hero.
The Seven-Ups=1973-01-01=A tough detective who is part of an elite New York City unit is trying to find out who killed his partner, but uncovers a plot to kidnap mobsters for money.
Gourmet Detective: A Healthy Place to Die=2015-08-02=When Henry is invited as a guest speaker at a luxury resort spa, he quickly finds himself at the center of another murder. With Maggie at his side, our favorite duo must not only find the killer but be careful they don't become his latest victim.
Racing Stripes=2005-01-06=Shattered illusions are hard to repair -- especially for a good-hearted zebra named Stripes who's spent his life on a Kentucky farm amidst the sorely mistaken notion that he's a debonair thoroughbred. Once he faces the fact that his stark stripes mark him as different, he decides he'll race anyway. And with help from the young girl who raised him, he just might end up in the winner's circle.
勇士之门=2016-11-18=Epic fantasy-adventure meets martial arts action in this thrilling film written by Luc Besson &amp; Robert Mark Kamen. After a mysterious chest opens a gateway through time, teen gamer Jack (Uriah Shelton) is transported to an ancient empire terrorized by a cruel barbarian king (former WWE superstar Dave Bautista). Jack will need all of his gaming skills as he battles to defeat the barbarian, protect a beautiful princess, and somehow find his way back home.
Strange Powers: Stephin Merritt and the Magnetic Fields=2011-10-27=Ten years in the making, Strange Powers is an intimate documentary portrait of songwriter Stephin Merritt and his band the Magnetic Fields. With his unique gift for memorable melodies, lovelorn lyrics and wry musical stylings that blend classic Tin Pan Alley with modern sounds, Stephin Merritt has distinguished himself as one of contemporary pop's most beloved and influential artists.
Τοπίο στην ομίχλη=1988-01-01=Road movie about two children searching for their father who is supposed to live in Germany. Their obsession for this father figure will take them to the boundaries between childhood and adolescence.
Ashes and Snow=2005-03-05=Exploring the shared language and poetic sensibilities of all animals.
Suspect Zero=2004-08-27=A killer is on the loose, and an FBI agent sifts through clues and learns that the bloodthirsty felon's victims of choice are other serial killers.
Earthling=2011-03-14=After a mysterious atmospheric event, a small group of people wake up to realize that their entire lives have been a lie. They are in fact aliens disguised as humans. Now they have to make a choice. Live amongst men, or try to find a way back home.
The Incredible Melting Man=1977-11-10=An astronaut exposed to cosmic rays outside of Saturn's rings returns to Earth and begins to melt away. Escaping from the hospital, he wanders around the backwoods looking for human flesh to eat.
Fetching Cody=2005-10-01=Art, a drug-addicted dealer and hustler, arrives at his girlfriend Cody's apartment to find that she has overdosed on heroin. He tries to fix things by traveling back in time in an attempt to prevent her death.
Body Double=1984-10-25=After losing an acting role and his girlfriend, Jake Scully finally catches a break: he gets offered a gig house-sitting in the Hollywood Hills. While peering through the beautiful home's telescope one night, he spies a gorgeous blonde dancing in her window. But when he witnesses the girl's murder, it leads Scully through the netherworld of the adult entertainment industry on a search for answers -- with porn actress Holly Body as his guide.
Shadow Magic=2000-09-08=Beijing, 1902: an enterprising young portrait photographer named Liu Jinglun, keen on new technology, befriends a newly-arrived Englishman who's brought projector, camera, and Lumière-brothers' shorts to open the Shadow Magic theater. Liu's work with Wallace brings him conflict with tradition and his father's authority, complicated by his falling in love with Ling, daughter of Lord Tan, star of Beijing's traditional opera. Liu sees movies as his chance to become wealthy and worthy of Ling. When the Shadow Magic pair are invited to show the films to the Empress Dowager, things look good. But, is disaster in the script? And, can movies preserve tradition even as they bring change?
Close=2004-06-27=Jost roams through the streets of Berlin. He opposes the world enraged, aggressively and furiously in a self-destructive way. He continuously provokes situations proving to himself that everybody hates him. He is convinced he does not need anybody and does not let anyone get close to him.  Anna is walled in by her fear and unable to leave her apartment. She manages to keep this situation from all the others in a system of lies. Her reserves draw to a close. She heads for a catastrophe.  One day, Jost shows up at her door.
Skazka o Poteryannom Vremeni=1964-01-01=Four evil wizards succeeded to become young by using a time stolen from lazy kids. Now these kids who became seniors must act fast if they want to return to their real age.
Venomous=2002-01-22=Mutant snakes survived a terrorist attack on a government laboratory, and they now threaten the town of Santa Mira Springs, California. Seismic activity has brought snakes to the surface, where residents are being bitten. Victims can transmit the virus to healthy persons. The military puts the town under quarantine. Local physicians try to control the epidemic, while the military is primarily concerned with keeping the virus a secret.
Le Voyage dans la Lune=1902-09-01=A Trip to The Moon is a science fiction film from the French film pioneer Georges Méliès from the year 1902 about a trip to the moon. The film was the first film with a self-contained plot and was the beginning of the Science Fiction genre.
The Matthew Shepard Story=2002-03-16=In a senseless act of hatred, openly gay college student Matthew Shepard was murdered in 1998. This critically-acclaimed, moving film recounts the final days of Matthew's killers' trial—and the weeks leading to Matthew's death—with unnerving detail. Stockard Channing delivers an unforgettable, Emmy® Award-winning performance as Matthew's grieving mother, Judy, in a story of a murder that moved a nation to action. Also starring Law &amp; Order's Sam Waterston.
Return to House on Haunted Hill=2007-10-03=Eight years have passed since Sara Wolfe and Eddie Baker escaped the House on Haunted Hill. Now the kidnapped Ariel, Sara's sister, goes inside the house with a group of treasure hunters to find the statue of Baphomet, worth millions and believed to be the cause of the House's evil.
Bio-Dome=1996-01-12="Bud and Doyle are two losers who are doing nothing with their lives. Both of their girlfriends are actively involved in saving the environment, but the two friends couldn't care less about saving the Earth. One day, when a group of scientists begin a mission to live inside a ""Bio-Dome"" for a year without outside contact, Bud and Doyle mistakenly become part of the project themselves."
54 Days=2014-11-16=5 people trapped in a bunker after a nuclear and biological attack are forced to make an impossible decision - either one dies or they all die.
RoboCop=1987-07-17=In a violent, near-apocalyptic Detroit, evil corporation Omni Consumer Products wins a contract from the city government to privatize the police force. To test their crime-eradicating cyborgs, the company leads street cop Alex Murphy into an armed confrontation with crime lord Boddicker so they can use his body to support their untested RoboCop prototype. But when RoboCop learns of the company's nefarious plans, he turns on his masters.
Insane=2010-02-09=A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, looking for somewhere to sleep. She's come to the wrong place. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, Jenny is looking for her. She's come to the right place. The Bridgeburn Hotel
The Easter Bunny Is Comin' to Town=1977-04-06=The Mailman decides to stop another deluge of letters by answering questions about the Easter Bunny: Sunny, a baby rabbit found and adopted by Kidville (a town of only kids--even a kid mailman). And when Sunny goes delivering eggs to the nearby town (which he has to dye to fool Gadzooks, the mean bear on the mountain), he discovers that there are no kids in the town, and that the rightful (kid) ruler is being suppressed by his aunt. But the young king likes Sunny's dyed eggs and jelly beans. So Kidsville, with the help of an old train engine, makes a few plans (and a decoy chocolate rabbit) to distribute them.
Da wu sheng=2011-09-08="In the 19th century, the Prince Regent of the Qing Dynasty orders the mass execution of the entire Meng clan. Before his beheading, the leader vows that his family will avenge this travesty of justice. Awaiting his death, a five-year-old Meng boy named Erkui bravely sings an aria. The power and purity of his voice touches the opera star Master Yu and his seven-year-old pupil Guan Yilong. Master Yu rescues the boy and the two orphans become brothers. Years later, Master Yu wins the coveted golden ""The Mightiest Warrior"" plaque from the Prince Regent, but subsequently loses it in a duel with his archrival Master Yue. Banished from the stage upon his loss, Master Yu spends his time training the two brothers in the village. When the boys grow into men, they set off for Shanghai to pursue revenge. Once they reach Shanghai, they quickly defeat Master Yue, reclaiming not only the plaque but also taking over the Yue's opera troupe."
Road to Ninja: Naruto the Movie=2012-07-28=Sixteen years ago, a mysterious masked ninja unleashes a powerful creature known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox on the Hidden Leaf Village Konoha, killing many people. In response, the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze and his wife Kushina Uzumaki, the Demon Fox's living prison or Jinchūriki, manage to seal the creature inside their newborn son Naruto Uzumaki. With the Tailed Beast sealed, things continued as normal. However, in the present day, peace ended when a group of ninja called the Akatsuki attack Konoha under the guidance of Tobi, the mysterious masked man behind Fox's rampage years ago who intends on executing his plan to rule the world by shrouding it in illusions.
The One Warrior=2011-11-06=The One Warrior is a fantasy/action piece that is loosely based on video adventure games. In our story, the character of The One Warrior finds himself in a mythical world where he must destroy the Evil Lord Shoukata, but to do so he must first fight his way through many challenges. These include dragons, the cursed swords of Damacleus, the Samurai Six, the Amazon Warriors, and much, much more. With each level he passes through, the more powerful he becomes until the end where we realize it is really a man who may have been testing a new video game. Or was it? The truth may never be known. Written by Jewel A
Another Year=2010-11-05=Mike Leigh’s much praised 2010 tragicomical drama. During a year, a very content couple approaching retirement are visited by friends and family less happy with their lives.
The Pit and the Pendulum=1961-08-12=Francis Barnard goes to Spain, when he hears his sister Elizabeth has died. Her husband Nicholas Medina, the son of the most brutal torturer of the Spanish Inquisition, tells him she has died of a blood disease, but Francis finds this hard to believe. After some investigating he finds out that it was extreme fear that was fatal to his sister and that she may have been buried alive!
Frankenstein=1910-03-18=Frankenstein, a young medical student, trying to create the perfect human being, instead creates a misshapen monster. Made ill by what he has done, Frankenstein is comforted by his fiancée but on his wedding night he is visited by the monster. A fight ensues but the monster, seeing himself in a mirror, is horrified and runs away. He later returns, entering the bride's room, and finds her alone…
Solo=2013-08-29=A teenage girl is terrorized when she spends two nights alone on a remote island as part of her camp counselor initiation.
The Devil's Needle=1916-08-12="THE DEVIL'S NEEDLE (1916, dir: Chester Withey) stars silent superstar Norma Talmadge as Renee, a French artist's model who uses morphine as an escape from the dull reality of her life. She recommends it to a neurotic artist played by Tully Marshall (Queen Kelly), because ""it kindles the fires of genius."" The artist quickly becomes addicted to the drug and the quality of his work begins to disintegrate. He takes on a new model, marries her, and starts her on the same path of moral degradation, until a guilt-ridden Renee decides to intervene in order to save them both. According to silent film historian Kevin Brownlow, THE DEVIL'S NEEDLE was banned by the state of Ohio, but the censor board reversed its decision after recognizing the positive message beneath the film's scandalous surface. This special edition was mastered from a 35mm preservation print of the 1923 re-release version. The only known surviving copy, the element suffers significant nitrate decomposition during some scenes."
Who's That Knocking at My Door=1967-11-15=J.R. is a typical Italian-American on the streets of New York. When he gets involved with a local girl, he decides to get married and settle down, but when he learns that she was once raped, he cannot handle it. More explicitly linked with Catholic guilt that Scorsese's later work, we see what happens to J.R. when his religious guilt catches up with him.
Što je muškarac bez brkova?=2005-07-23=A young widow, an aging widower-returnee, and a priest from a bankrupt parish are struggling to come to terms with the post-war environment, complete with its prejudices, illusions, and unpleasant mentality. What follows is a romantic comedy set in rough landscape, about a woman who falls in love with a local priest. He is not blind to her love, but is unable to choose between the church and her, until the circumstances force him to make his choice.
Out 1: Spectre=1972-01-01=Out 1: Spectre begins as nothing more than scenes from Parisian life; only as time goes by do we realize that there is a plot—perhaps playful, perhaps sinister—that implicates not just the thirteen characters, but maybe everyone, everywhere. Real life may be nothing but an enormous yarn someone somewhere is spinning...
You're Telling Me!=1934-03-18=Sam Bisbee is an inventor whose works (e.g., a keyhole finder for drunks) have brought him only poverty. His daughter is in love with the son of the town snob. Events conspire to ruin his bullet-proof tire just as success seems near. Another of his inventions prohibits him from committing suicide, so Sam decides to go on living..
Dave Attell: Captain Miserable=2007-12-08="Dave Attell is funnier and more outlandish than ever in his first solo HBO, special, a 60-minute concert performed in front of a live audience at The Lincoln Theater, the venerable Washington DC venue. Attell's sarcastic wit and quick-fire delivery prove why he has earned the reputation as a ""comic's comic"" and was dubbed one of the""25 Funniest People in America"" by Entertainment Weekly. His decidedly adult brand of comedy covers everything including alcohol consumption, dating current events and celebrities, and everything else on his mind."
Joe's Violin=2016-04-14=A 91-year-old Polish Holocaust survivor donates his violin of 70 years to a local instrument drive, changing the life of a 12-year-old schoolgirl from the nation’s poorest congressional district, and unexpectedly, his own.
Hellhounds on My Trail: The Afterlife of Robert Johnson=2000-02-28="Hellhounds On My Trail is a tribute to the influence of Delta Blues legend Robert Johnson and the effect that he has had on today's music.  The film was made in conjunction with the ""American Masters Series"" week-long tribute put on by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and chronicles the legacy of Robert Johnson through interviews and speeches by a number of musicologists and through the performances of Robert Johnson's work by a number of fairly popular contemporary artists.  The film features performances from Rob Wasserman and Bob Weir from the Grateful Dead; Keb' Mo; Robert Lockwood Jr.; G Love and Special Sauce; Gov't Mule and a lot of other performers."
Flower in the Pocket=2007-10-05=Two boys, Li Ahh and Li Ohm, grow up motherless. Their father, Sui, is a workaholic who shuts himself out of the world. The boys' quest to reach out to their father leads them to adopt a puppy. But when the animal is sent away for being a nuisance, the boys are devastated. For the first time, Sui realizes that all his children ask is simply to love and be loved.
Direktøren for det hele=2006-09-21=An IT company hires an actor to serve as the company's president in order to help the business get sold to a cranky Icelander.
Planta 4ª=2003-10-31=Growing up together. All emotions pass the revue. Friendship and hope survive all.
The Brass Legend=1956-12-01=During a ride with his new pony Sinoya, the young Clay Gibson by chance finds the secret housing of the multiple murderer Tris Hatten. He reports immediately to Sheriff Adams, who strongly recommends him not to tell anybody about it. Unfortunately Clay talks to his father nevertheless. He believes Adams just wanted fame and reward for himself and accuses him in the newspaper. Thereby he endangers his son, who's now targeted by a killer which Tris' girlfriend Winnie hired for revenge. Written by Tom Zoerner
大菩薩峠=1966-02-25=Through his unconscionable actions against others, a sociopath samurai builds a trail of vendettas that follow him closely.
Mentor=2006-04-28=A thought-provoking drama about the power that a famous university professor holds over his students and assistants.
El hijo de la novia=2001-08-16=At age 42, Rafael Belvedere is having a crisis. He lives in the shadow of his father, he feels guilty about rarely visiting his aging mother, his ex-wife says he doesn't spend enough time with their daughter and he has yet to make a commitment to his girlfriend. At his lowest point, a minor heart attack reunites him with Juan Carlos, a childhood friend, who helps Rafael to reconstruct his past.
Nancy Goes to Rio=1950-03-10=Mother and daughter (Sothern and Powell) compete over same singing role and, unbeknownst to each other, the same man.
2=2007-12-11="On 24 November 2006 Papaioannou premiered 2 in Pallas Theater in Athens, his first work following his creative direction of the Opening and Closing Ceremonies of the Athens 2004 Olympic Games. 2 was produced in collaboration with the electronic music composer K.BHTA for the production company Elliniki Theamaton. A ""dissection of the male psyche"", the production commanded a large of amount of Greek press attention, not least for its open references to homosexuality. 2 proved a commercial success; its run was extended twice and over 100,000 tickets were sold in total. The work seems to draw upon a range of influences, including the work of Jean Genet, Rene Magritte and Robert Wilson. Inspiration for the show also came partly from Papaioannou's experiences as a gay man in Greece. Contemporary magazine described 2 as an ""inspiring"" work that ""captures the zeitgeist""."
Transformers: Dark of the Moon=2011-06-28=Sam Witwicky takes his first tenuous steps into adulthood while remaining a reluctant human ally of Autobot-leader Optimus Prime. The film centers around the space race between the USSR and the USA, suggesting there was a hidden Transformers role in it all that remains one of the planet's most dangerous secrets.
Mustasukkaisuus=1953-01-13=Love triangle near roaring rapids. Two sisters fight for the attention of a handsome forester.
Cavemen=2013-10-26="""Cavemen"" is a comedic film with a slight edge of drama revolving around the lives of somewhat single, somewhat unemployed guys living in a warehouse converted to living quarters in the 'Arts District' of Downtown Los Angeles, California they are toiling adulthood and realities of love."
Creep Van=2012-03-09=When Campbell, a vehicle-less 20-something slacker, innocently makes the mistake of answering a FOR SALE sign placed on a dilapidated van, suspense and action take over as he is suddenly caught-up in a deadly game of cat and mouse that puts everyone close to him in mortal danger.
Film d'amore e d'anarchia, ovvero 'stamattina alle 10 in via dei Fiori nella nota casa di tolleranza...'=1973-02-23=Set in Fascist Italy before the outbreak of World War II, the story centers on Giannini's character, an anarchist who stays in a brothel while preparing to kill Benito Mussolini. Giannini's character, while preparing to assassinate Mussolini, falls in love with one of the whores working in the brothel
Downhill Racer=1969-11-06=An ambitious young skier, determined to break all existing records, is contemptuous of the teamwork advocated by the US coach when they go to Europe for the Olympics.
혈의 누=2005-05-04=This is a powerful period piece murder mystery about disgrace, conscience, and the impossibility of justice. In 1808 the imperial investigator Won-kyu arrives on the idyllic island Donghwa in order to investigate a grisly murder series. The superstitious rural population belives that a ghost is taking revenge for a wrongful execution of seven years ago. However, inquisitor Won-kyu suspects there to be a rather rational explanation for the crimes.
Sun Valley Serenade=1941-08-29="Skating star Sonja Henie and the Glenn Miller Orchestra share the spotlight in Sun Valley Serenade. Henie plays a Norwegian refugee adopted by band pianist John Payne, who mistakenly thought that the full-grown Miss Henie was a 10-year-old little girl. Payne's girlfriend, Lynn Bari, is a soloist with the Miller band, and also a violently jealous sort. When Bari quits Miller out of pique, Henie stages an elaborate ice show as a substitute. This impromptu spectacular thrills the audience at the Sun Valley resort hotel where most of the action takes place. Joan Davis and Milton Berle provide comic relief to the music and romance (you haven't lived until you've seen Berle on skis), while The Nicholas Brothers and Dorothy Dandridge perform a lively chorus of ""Chattanooga Choo Choo."""
I bastardi=1968-10-29=A criminal (Giuliano Gemma) seeks vengeance when his double-dealing brother (Klaus Kinski) steals his jewels and mutilates his shooting hand.
Die feinen Unterschiede=2012-07-02=In this acutely observed and sharply written debut feature from director Sylvie Michel, the contrasting parenting philosophies of a well-to-do divorcee and his immigrant cleaning lady becomes an angry debate over deeper issues of social class and cultural values when their teenage children disappear after a night on the town. (TIFF)
Gretchen the Greenhorn=1916-09-03=Gretchen Van Houck is just arriving in the USA, on a ship from Holland. She joins her father, who has already spent several years in America, where he owns an engraving business. In the tenement community where the Van Houcks live, there are residents of many nationalities. Gretchen soon becomes close friends with Pietro, a popular resident, and she also takes an interest in the widow Garrity and her children. Another resident, Rogers, is more mysterious. One day Rogers tells Mr. Van Houck that he could help him get a job printing money for the government. Van Houck eagerly agrees to try, but when he finds out what Rogers is really doing, he is placed in a painful dilemma.
Do I Sound Gay?=2014-07-10="Is there such a thing as a ""gay voice""? Why do some people sound gay but not others? Why is sounding gay beloved in pop culture, from Liberace to Modern Family, but also a trigger for bullying and harassment? The feature documentary  Do I Sound Gay?"
Replica=2005-04-01=Suffering from kidney failure, Joe, a computer chip salesman goes through an organ transplant administered by Dr. Evelyn Tyler who is a biogeneticist for Therapeutic Technology located at 1 DNA Drive. Joe is not only grateful for his new kidney, but he becomes interested and obsessed in Dr. Tyler who shows him the world of miraculous, amazing and wonderful biotechnology. But this seemingly technological panacea is also filled with uncertainty, danger and dilemma that changes their lives forever.
Gloria=2014-10-20=Gloria never imagined that an audition for the music producer Sergio Andrade was going to change her life so drastically. King Midas not only brought her to stardom, but also to a dramatic story of love, heartbreak and betrayal. Based on the life story of  pop/rock singer Gloria Trevi.
The Deadly Tower=1975-10-18=The real-life story of Charles Whitman's deadly shooting spree at the University of Texas is retold.  In August 1966, after killing his wife and mother, Whitman climbed to the top of the school's tower and opened fire on passers-by, killing 13 and wounding many others.
The Stranger=1946-05-25=Wilson of the War Crimes Commission is seeking Franz Kindler, mastermind of the Holocaust, who has effectively erased his identity. Wilson releases Kindler's former comrade Meinike and follows him to Harper, Connecticut, where he is killed before he can identify Kindler. Now Wilson's only clue is Kindler's fascination with antique clocks; but, though Kindler seems secure in his new identity, he feels his past closing in.
The Chemical Brothers: Don't Think=2012-01-26=With Don't Think, multi GRAMMY® Award-winning electronic music duo The Chemical Brothers bring their mind-bendingly psychedelic live show to the big screen for the first time, and in grand style. A state of art spectacle shot at Japan's Fujirock Festival in front of 50,000 ravenous fans, Don't Think combines the Chemical Brothers famously ferocious modern electronic sounds and hardcore dance beats with eye-popping visuals. Directed by their longtime visual collaborator Adam Smith, and shot on 20 cameras, Don't Think is the first concert film to feature Dolby 7:1 surround sound,  mixed for the screen by the band, and includes 2 new Chemical Brothers tracks. Don't think, let it flow, surrender to the void.
蓝风筝=1994-02-02="On Dry Well Lane in Beijing in 1953, Chen Shujuan and Lin Shaolong marry. A year later their son, nicknamed Tietou (Iron Head), is born. The Party is everywhere: Mao's photograph, loud-speaker announcements, visits from the neighborhood committee. Shaolong dies in a reform camp; a close family friend, who protects Shujuan and her son partly out of guilt for lying to authorities about Shaolong, succumbs to malnutrition; a confrontation with the Red Guard leads to injury, imprisonment and death. Shujuan's love for Tietou sustains her, and the child's blue kite embodies hope: ""I can make another for you,"" says Tietou's dad; by the end, Tietou promises this to a small child."
Magic Trip=2011-08-05=A freewheeling portrait of Ken Kesey and the Merry Prankster’s fabled road trip across America in the legendary Magic Bus. In 1964, Ken Kesey, the famed author of “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest,” set off on a legendary, LSD-fuelled cross-country road trip to the New York World’s Fair. He was joined by “The Merry Band of Pranksters,” a renegade group of counterculture truth-seekers, including Neal Cassady, the American icon immortalized in Kerouac’s “On the Road,” and the driver and painter of the psychedelic Magic Bus.
Nina Forever=2015-03-14=Holly loves Rob and tries to help him through his grief – even if it means contending with his dead girlfriend Nina, who comes back, bloody and broken, every time they make love
God afton, Herr Wallenberg=1990-10-05=Swedish account of Raoul Wallenberg, the man responsible for the largest rescue of Jews during World War II.
Slaughterhouse=1987-08-28=The owner of a slaughterhouse facing foreclosure instructs his 350lbs, mentally retarded son to go on a killing spree against the people who want to buy his property.
Die Beautiful=2016-10-27=Trisha, a Filipino transgender woman, suddenly dies while being crowned in a beauty pageant. Her last wish was to be presented as a different celebrity on each night of her wake.
The Treasure of the Sierra Madre=1948-01-24=Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster.
Kaena: La prophétie=2003-01-02=Compelled by a mysterious force, Kaena, a rebellious, high-spirited teenage girl will defy the High Priest and her people's ancestral beliefs to take the perilous journey through the Axis and discover what dark secrets lie beyond the clouds.
Hamles=1960-01-01=In Little Hamlet, Skolimowski shows his predilection for immature or dwarfed characters, who would later populate his full-length films. Here a group of Warsaw proletarians meet in a destroyed building, consisting largely of stairs, littered with newspapers. A song from a record introduces the film characters as dwarfed versions of personas from Shakespeare’s Hamlet: Hamles, Ofelka, Learcio. (EMK)
賭俠 1999=1998-12-18=King, the Con Man, is regarded as the successor of God of Gamblers.Dragon opts for gambling and approaches King, hoping to learn gambling tricks from him. They really take to each other and become good partners. On a gambling ship, King meets Ma Kau Man, the grand gambling banker who can affect results of every soccer match and horse race and San Ken, a laughing tiger, who plots to make use of King's talent for gambling to take over Ma's casino business......
La Polizia Interviene: Ordine Di Uccidere=1975-09-03=After a couple of 'special squad' cops are gunned down while chasing some kidnappers, the head of the squad takes it really personally! His violent path to find the kidnappers leads him to the upper echelons of the government. Now, the powers-that-be don't want to be found out and decide it's time to kill one more cop...
House of Wax=1953-04-10=A horribly disfigured sculptor opens up the House of Wax in New York, using the wax-covered bodies of his victims as his displays.
Александра=2007-09-26=An elderly woman takes a train trip to visit her grandson at his army camp inside Chechnya.
The Summit=2012-10-12=The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with dramatized recreations of the events of the 2008 K2 disaster. On the way to and from the summit, eleven climbers died during a short time span creating one of the worst catastophes in climbing history. Much of the documentary footage was captured by Swedish mountaineer Fredrik Sträng. Sträng was planning to do a Documentary which was aborted due to the fact that he did not reach the summit. The footage was still valuable to help solving what really did happen since all the climbers had different stories about what happened.
The Big Lift=1950-04-26=The Berlin Air Lift from the point of view of two NCOs.
Stealth Fighter=1999-01-01=A navy pilot fakes his own death and steals a stealth fighter plane from a U.S.A.F base. He then acts as a mercenary, targeting military installations around the world.
Unknown White Male=2005-06-01=The true story of Doug Bruce who woke up on Coney Island with total amnesia. This documentary follows him as he rediscovers himself and the world around him.
Memorial Day=1983-11-23=An attorney finds himself at the center of a surprise reunion with the veterans of his platoon from Vietnam.The reunion stirs up painful memories and disturbing secrets for all involved.
Hamaca paraguaya=2006-11-02=Set in 1935, a couple of aged smallholders are waiting for their son, for rain, for better days.
Viola=2012-09-09="Several actresses get caught up in a web of romantic intrigue while performing in a production of Shakespeare's ""Twelfth Night."""
Bloody Mama=1970-03-24="Sexually abused as a young girl, Kate ""Ma"" Barker (Shelley Winters) grows into a violently powerful woman by the 1930s. She lovingly dominates her grown sons, and grooms them into a pack of tough crooks. The boys include the cruel Herman (Don Stroud), who still shares a bed with Ma; Fred (Robert Walden), an ex-con who fell in love with a fellow prisoner; and Lloyd (Robert De Niro), who gets high on whatever's handy. Together they form a deadly, bizarre family of Depression-era bandits."
龍行天下=1992-05-29=Uncle Tak is famous for using Chinese herbal medicines to cure diseases. A martial arts expert, he also teaches the young how to defend themselves. One of his students, Johnny, dreams of monopolizing the teaching of kung fu throughout the United States. To accomplish this, he tries to kill Uncle Tak. Chuck, Uncle Tak's best student from Hong Kong, comes to Los Angeles to find his master. Chuck is willing to let Johnny have his way, and tries to take Uncle Tak back to Hong Kong. But Johnny and his men will not leave Chuck alone. Chuck, on his way back to Hong Kong, returns for the showdown.
Blockade=1938-06-17=A simple peasant is forced to take up arms to defend his farm during the Spanish Civil War. Along the way he falls in love with Russian whose father is involved in espionage.
Blacula=1972-08-25=An 18th century African prince is turned into a vampire while visiting Transylvania. Two centuries later, he rises from his coffin attacking various residents of Los Angeles and meets Tina, a woman who he believes is the reincarnation of his deceased wife.
Two Rode Together=1961-07-26=Two tough westerners bring home a group of settlers who have spent years as Comanche hostages.
Untamed Heart=1993-02-12=Caroline, a young waitress who seems to have bad taste in men, is on her way home one night when thugs attempt to rape her. Adam, the mysterious busboy who works at the same diner, helps fight off the assailants, and she begins a relationship with him -- but not all their fellow Minnesotans are happy for them. Meanwhile, the couple face their own difficulties when Caroline finds about Adam's past, including his unique health condition.
Ms .45=1981-04-24=A shy and mute seamstress goes insane after being attacked and raped twice in one day. She wanders the New York streets at night in a sexy black dress with her attacker's gun strapped to her garter belt, blowing away any man who tries to pick her up.
Tumbledown=2015-04-18=A young woman struggles to move on with her life after the death of her husband, an acclaimed folk singer, when a brash New York writer forces her to confront her loss and the ambiguous circumstances of his death.
Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses=1994-02-24=After years of fame and misfortune in Mexico, the members of the Leningrad Cowboys decide to return to their native village. Their former manager Vladimir, who now calls himself Moses lead them on their way home.
ショート・ピース=2013-07-20=A four-film omnibus  that features four short anime films all themed around Japan.
The Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story=2014-09-01=The Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story delves into the experiences of six unknown young actors placed into the Hollywood spotlight, exposing the challenges of growing up under public scrutiny.
Angie=1994-03-04=Angie lives in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn, N.Y. and dreams of a better life than everyone she knows. When she finds that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Vinnie, she decides that she will have the baby, but not Vinnie as a husband. This turns the entire neighborhood upside down and starts her on a journey of self discovery. This journey includes her family, a new lover and her life. Even her best friend Tina has trouble understanding Angie. Written by Tony Fontana
Leprechaun 2=1994-04-07=A thousand years ago, the Leprechaun left a bloody trail when he ripped through the countryside in search of his stolen gold. Now he's back in the big city using all of his deadly tricks to snare the girl of his nightmares. His bloody quest becomes more deadly when her boyfriend steals one of the Leprechaun's gold coins. The town soon discovers two dead bodies and a trail of gold dust leads them to the Leprechaun's lair.
School Dance=2014-07-02=High schooler Jason has found his dream girl—the gorgeous Anastacia. There’s just one problem: she doesn’t know he exists. If he can win a spot on the school’s hottest dance crew, Jason might have a shot. But before he does, he’ll have to overcome his battle-ax of a mother, survive Anastacia’s gangsta brother, and pass the crew’s initiation—in this fresh, sexy, and outrageously funny comedy.
Jigar=1992-01-01=When a gangster takes over the art of karate and causes unrest in a town, one man rises to fight against them.
Wind River=2017-08-03=An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation.
Ricky Gervais Live 4: Science=2010-11-21=Ricky Gervais Live IV Science or the way things worked before we invented God. The hilarious fourth live smash hit stand up show from Ricky Gervais, following his complete sell out tour - filmed live at London's Hammersmith HMV Apollo
Augustine=2012-11-07="Set in Belle Époque France, the story follows nineteen-year-old ""hysteria"" patient Augustine, the star of Professor Charcot's experiments in hypnosis, as she transitions from object of study to object of desire."
Panther=1995-11-10=Panther is a semi-historic film about the origins of The Black Panther Party for Self-Defense. The movie spans about 3 years (1966-68) of the Black Panther's history in Oakland. Panther also uses historical footage (B/W) to emphasize some points.
Because They're Young=1960-04-01="Director Paul Wendkos' 1960 film adaptation of the controversial novel ""Harrison High"", about an idealistic young high-school teacher dealing with over-sexed and troubled teenagers, is notable for its casting of newcomer Dick Clark in the starring role. Others in the cast include Tuesday Weld, Michael Callan, Victoria Shaw, Roberta Shore, Warren Berlinger, Doug McClure, Linda Watkins, Rudy Bond, Philip Coolidge, Stephen Talbot, Kathryn Card, James Darren, Duane Eddy, The Rebels and Bess Flowers."
Falling Overnight=2011-11-11=Falling Overnight tells the story of twenty-two year old Elliot Carson on the day before he has risky surgery to remove a brain tumor. Facing what could be his last night, Elliot’s path intersects with Chloe Webb, a young photographer who invites him to her art show. Elliot welcomes the distraction and as the night descends, Chloe takes him on an intimate and exhilarating journey through the city. But as morning approaches, and Chloe learns of Elliot’s condition, the magic of the evening unravels, and they must together face the uncertainty of Elliot’s future.
Kandukondain Kandukondain=2000-05-05=Two young women with differing views on love find themselves with three suitors. Sowmya (Tabu) attracts the attention of aspiring film director Manohar (Ajith), while wounded Captain Bala (Mammootty) falls for her younger, hopelessly romantic sister, Meenu (Aishwarya Rai) but hesitates because he is much older than she. Meanwhile, Meenu meets and falls for a businessman with a passion for poetry, Srikanth (Abbas). Manohar goes to Madras to make a film and prove himself worthy of Sowmya, and Srikanth's business collapses, and he also departs to find someone who will lend him the money to pay off his investors.
Le vieux fusil=1975-08-22=In Montauban in 1944, Julien Dandieu in a surgeon in the local hospital. Frightened by the German army entering Montauban, he asks his friend Francois to drive his wife and his daughter in the back country village where Julien has an old castle. One week later, Julien decided to meet then for the week end, but the Germans are already occupying the village.
April Rain=2014-06-04=When an eclectic group of terrorists plot to attack the United States from within, it's up to a quasi-military special investigative unit to identify, infiltrate and neutralize the threat.
The 27th Day=1957-01-07="Five individuals from five nations, including the ""Superpowers,"" USA, USSR, and China, suddenly find themselves on an alien spacecraft. An alien gives each a container holding capsules. No power on earth can open a given container except a mental command from the person to whom it is given. Each person has been provided with the power of life and death."
anders, Molussien=2012-02-16=Nine short, individually titled reels of colour 16mm film, which are presented in a random order determined before each screening. Drawing on a text by German philosopher Günther Anders, the film is an imaginary documentary about Molussia, a fictional totalitarian country that Anders invented to represent the dystopia of fascism.
霸王别姬=1993-09-16="Abandoned by his prostitute mother in 1920, Douzi was raised by a theater troupe. There he meets Shitou and over the following years the two develop an act entitled, ""Farewell My Concubine,"" that brings them fame and fortune. When Shitou marries Juxian, Doutzi becomes jealous, the beginnings of the acting duo's explosive breakup and tragic fall take root."
Коллектор=2016-10-06=An unscrupulous debt collector who is a prominent member of the Moscow elite has just a few hours to refute an accusation that might cost him his job and his life.
Bandidos=1967-10-15=Renowned gunman Richard Martin is traveling on a train, held up by Billy Kane, a former student of Martin's. Kane spares Martin, but only after shooting his hands. Years later, Martin meets an escaped convict, wrongly convicted for the train robbery. Martin trains his new student and both men seek out Billy Kane.
Maria's Lovers=1984-01-27=Ivan Bibic returns to his Pittsburgh PA suburb after surviving a Japanse POW camp, causing regular nightmares. All the time he remained faithfully devoted to his childhood love, fellow ethnic Yugoslavian virgin Maria Bosic. She dates him again, thus ruining a virtual engagement to captain Al Griselli. Against Ivan's dad's advice, they get married. But Ivan became psychologically impotent, feels unworthy of her and starts wondering, even looking for another girl. Meanwhile slick guitar-and-song-busker Clarence Butts moves in to South-Western PA, and seduces Maria.
8월의 크리스마스=1998-01-24=In a quiet corner of Seoul, Jung-won runs a small photo studio. A humble shack passed down from his widower father, the studio is a space where Jung-won goes about his daily routine of dealing with fussy customers, enlarging photos of class heartthrobs for the neighborhood kids and photographing pictures to place on funeral altars. For Jung-won, life seems to be a series of peaceful events, but in reality his time on earth is too limited for comfort. Barely in his mid-30's, but perhaps too aware of the meaning of death, Jung-won accepts his fate despite the subtle gestures of concern he gets from his old father and younger sister. Life goes on as usual until one day he meets Darim, an employee at the Traffic Control Division of the local district office. She is a regular customer at the studio who comes everyday to develop snapshots of parking violations...
Nora Roberts' Montana Sky=2007-02-05=The wealthy stock dealer bequeaths his Montana farm to the three daughters provided they would live there together at least for a year.
Avec la peau des autres=1966-08-24=A spy story set in Vienna...
Lila & Eve=2015-07-31=Lila, a grief-stricken mother reeling from her son’s murder, attends a support group where she meets Eve, who urges her to take matters into her own hands to track down her son’s killers.
The Resurrection of Jake the Snake=2015-01-23=A fallen professional wrestling superstar battles his past demons in a struggle to reclaim his life and the family that has given up on him.
The Queen of Spades=1949-03-16=An elderly countess strikes a bargain with the devil and exchanges her soul for the ability to always win at cards. An army officer, who is also a fanatic about cards, murders her for the secret, then finds himself haunted by the woman's spirit.
So Is This=1983-12-31=The film is a text in which each shot is a single word, tightly-framed white letters against a black background.
Safe Haven=2013-02-07=A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her.
Bikini Model Academy=2015-09-01=When T. J. and Benji, two California twenty-something best buddies, lose their girlfriends, they start a home grown bikini modeling academy to make money and meet new girls. With a little help from T.J.'s Uncle Seymour (Gary Busey), the guys begin recruiting pretty girls, until a rival modeling school owned by their old grade school enemy tries to shut them down.
