The Last Airbender=2010-06-30=The story follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must put his childhood ways aside and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water, Earth and Air nations.
The Vampire Bat=1933-01-21=When the villagers of Klineschloss start dying of blood loss, the town fathers suspect a resurgence of vampirism. While police inspector Karl remains skeptical, scientist Dr. von Niemann cares for the vampire's victims one by one, and suspicion falls on simple-minded Herman Gleib because of his fondness for bats. A blood-thirsty mob hounds Gleib to his death, but the vampire attacks don't stop.
Hulchul=2004-11-26=A man and woman from feuding families each pretend to fall in love, as part of a revenge plot. Chaos ensues when their fake romance becomes a reality.
Echte Kerle=1996-05-30=Christoph, cop and self-confident macho, has trouble with his fiance. After a long night he wakes up in the arms of Edgar, a good-looking, gay auto-mechanic. His live gets more and more troublesome after his girl friend throws him out of their apartment and as last resort he moves to Edgars place. Working together with a new, good-looking, very self-confident, female collegue, but living with a good-looking gay guy makes him pretty uncertain about his sexuality and his role as a cop. Written by Konstantin Articus
Imitation of Life=1959-01-01=Lora Meredith, a white single mother who dreams of being on Broadway, has a chance encounter with Annie Johnson, a black widow. Annie becomes the caretaker of Lora's daughter, Suzie, while Lora pursues her stage career. Both women deal with the difficulties of motherhood: Lora's thirst for fame threatens her relationship with Suzie, while Annie's light-skinned daughter, Sarah Jane, struggles with her African-American identity.
سكر بنات=2007-07-01=In a beauty salon in Beirut the lives of five women cross paths. The beauty salon is a colorful and sensual microcosm where they share and entrust their hopes, fears and expectations.
Straight Talk=1992-04-03=Honest and straightforward small-town Shirlee Kenyon chucks her boyfriend and heads for Chicago. Accidentally having to host a radio problem phone-in show, it is clear she is a natural and is hired on the spot. But the station insists she call herself Doctor, and as her popularity grows a local reporter starts digging for the truth. Problem is, the more he is around her the more he fancies her.
Satan Never Sleeps=1962-03-23=A priest (William Holden) arrives at a mission-post in China accompanied by a young native girl who has joined him along the way. His job is to relieve the existing priest (Clifton Webb), who is now too old and weak to continue with the upkeep of the church. However, Communist soldiers arrive at the mission and seize it as a command post. Their leader rapes the native girl and impregnates her, only later to realise that Communism is no good for him. In the end, the foursome flee to the border, but are pursued by Communist forces along the way.
주유소 습격사건=1999-10-02=A quartet of disaffected Korean youths have robbed a Seoul gas station. After taking the gas station over, their wacky antics ensue; forcing the manager to sing, kidnapping customers that complain about the service, and staging fist-fights between street gang members and gas station employees; all of these reflect their own gripes against society.
Just About Famous=2015-04-21=When fans cannot get close to the real thing, these professionals step in to fill the void. As the old adage goes, 'imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.' From a celebrity impersonator convention to their lives across the country, JUST ABOUT FAMOUS chronicles the few who have had the fortune, or curse, of looking like the most recognizable people on the planet.
The Bride Goes Wild=1948-03-03=McGrath publishes books for children and Uncle Bump is one of the best sellers. Unfortunately, Greg, who is Uncle Bump, tends to drink too much and has not started his next book. Martha won a contest to illustrate the book and the first thing that happens is that Greg gets her soused. To keep her there to illustrate, John gets a juvenile delinquent named Danny to play his son and show how much pressure he is under. The ploy works at first, but Greg's heart was broken by Tillie, and Martha may be the girl who makes him forget all about her.
Premachi Goshta=2013-02-01=Premachi Goshta (Marathi: प्रेमाची गोष्ट , meaning: Story of Love) is a 2013 Marathi language film directed by Satish Rajwade.  The story is all about LOVE and discovering that correct person in life who can become the life partner. It's a story of believing on the person in front, its like a leap of faith.
Fifty Shades of Black=2016-01-28=An inexperienced college student meets a wealthy businessman whose sexual practices put a strain on their relationship.
Baisers Cachés=2016-08-24=Nathan, 16, lives alone with his father Stephane. A newcomer in high school, he is invited to a party and falls in love with Louis, a boy in his class. They find themselves out of sight and kiss each other, but someone takes a picture of them. Soon, the photo is published on Facebook and a storm overtakes their lives as they face bullying and rejection.
Blues Harp=1998-07-15=Ambitious yakuza Kenji befriends harmonica-playing bartender Chuji, who moonlights as a part-time drug-dealer for the opposing gang. Their friendship is threatened by Kenji's plans for advancement, as well as by his bodyguards growing jealousy of Chuji.
A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon=1988-07-21=A recent high school graduate is faced with two options, either go to a business school where his father wants him to go to, or get a full time job. However he decides to defy his father and go to Hawaii. Trouble is he has no money. Along the way he comes to understand his parents and eventually bonds with his father.
L'alpagueur=1976-02-01=L'Alpagueur is a free-lance spy from the French secret agency. He's put on the investigation about L'epervier, a serial-killer who employs young boys to help him robbing banks before killing them.
Perceval le Gallois=1978-02-07=The film chronicles Perceval's knighthood, maturation and eventual peerage amongst the Knights of the Round Table, and also contains brief episodes from the story of Gawain and the crucifixion of Christ.
Rock Dog=2016-07-08=When a radio falls from the sky into the hands of a wide-eyed Tibetan Mastiff, he leaves home to fulfill his dream of becoming a musician, setting into motion a series of completely unexpected events.
달콤한 거짓말=2008-12-17=TV writer Ji-ho (Jin-hie Park) has been secretly in love with Min-woo (Ki-woo Lee) for the last 10 years. After a night of binge-drinking, she wakes up to face the worst day of her life. She wakes up to find that she has just gotten fired for low viewer ratings. On her way home her purse then gets snatched and Ji-ho pursues the thief. Then suddenly, when things seem that they can’t go any worse, Ji-ho gets hit by a car. But the chain of unfortunate events suddenly turns out to be a God-sent present. The man who hit her with the car turns out to be the very man she’s been in love with all these years, Min-woo. She then pretends to have amnesia …
Vieni avanti cretino=1982-04-07=Pasquale Baudaffi, amnistiato, esce dal carcere ed inizia a cercare un lavoro aiutato dal cugino Gaetano. Prima però va in una casa compiacente. Durante i giorni del carcere la casa non è più sede di appuntamenti ma è stata rilevata e affittata come studio dentistico. Pasquale si trova al centro di equivoci a non finire. Prova a fare il guardiacaccia ma non va bene lo stesso, prova a fare il cameriere di un bar: sbaglia subito le ordinazioni e viene licenziato. Negativa la sua prova da guardiano di un garage. L'ultimissima esperienza è in una società di Elettronica ma il suo inserimento nel meccanismo avveniristico scatena le più pazze complicazioni. L'incontro con un cagnolino smarrito gli permette di conoscere la padrona e scoprire così la donna della sua vita.
The Ultimate Life=2013-09-06=Despite his best intentions, billionaire Jason Stevens can’t find enough time to keep his beloved Alexia a priority. But when he discovers his late grandfather’s journal, he is transported back to Red Stevens’ incredible world. With everything he loves hanging in the balance, Jason Stevens hopes the past will prepare him well for the future.
Forty Guns=1957-09-01=An authoritarian rancher, Barbara Stanwyck, who rules an Arizona county with her private posse of hired guns. When a new Marshall arrives to set things straight, the cattle queen finds herself falling, brutally for the avowedly non-violent lawman. Both have itchy-fingered brothers, a female gunman enters the picture, and things go desperately wrong.
Brian Gaar: Jokes I Wrote At Work=2015-02-05="In his first hourlong comedy special, Brian Gaar tackles everything from the challenges of fatherhood, trying to keep his gamer cred in his 30s, and life in a certain small Texas town.  Brian has more than 80,000 followers on Twitter, and celebrity fans include: Patton Oswalt, Will Arnett, Seth Meyers, Jim Gaffigan, Andy Richter, Rob Delaney, Margaret Cho, Minnie Driver, Amy Schumer, Zachary Levi, Billy Eichner, Samantha Bee, Ike Barinholtz, Ryan Phillippe and Juliette Lewis.  Former “Saturday Night Live” head writer and current producer/head writer of “Late Night with Seth Meyers” Alex Baze called Brian one of his favorite Twitter joke writers. Likewise, Playboy recently named him one of the funniest people on Twitter.  ""Jokes I Wrote at Work"" was filmed live at the Spider House Ballroom in Austin, Texas."
Demetrius and the Gladiators=1954-06-16="The story picks up at the point where ""The Robe"" ends, following the martyrdom of Diana and Marcellus. Christ's robe is conveyed to Peter for safe-keeping, but the emperor Caligula wants it back to benefit from its powers. Marcellus' former slave Demetrius seeks to prevent this, and catches the eye of Messalina, wife to Caligula's uncle Claudius. Messalina tempts Demetrius, he winds up fighting in the arena, and wavers in his faith."
Wojna polsko-ruska=2009-04-21=An aggressive thug has problems with his girlfriend. Over the course of several chaotic days he walks around the hood, takes drugs and confronts himself with other women.
Where the Boys Are '84=1984-04-06=Where the Boys Are '84 is a 1984 remake of the 1960 teen sex comedy film Where the Boys Are, starring Lisa Hartman, Lorna Luft, Wendy Schaal and Lynn-Holly Johnson. Directed by Hy Averback and produced by Allan Carr, it was the first film released by Tri-Star Pictures. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Where_the_Boys_Are_%2784
We Stand Alone Together=2001-11-10=Compiled over two years, an 'on-camera oral history' of Easy Company, told by the veterans themselves. Accompanies the mini-series Band of Brothers.
L'assedio=1998-09-14="When an African dictator jails her husband, Shandurai goes into exile in Italy, studying medicine and keeping house for Mr. Kinsky, an eccentric English pianist and composer. She lives in one room of his Roman palazzo. He besieges her with flowers, gifts, and music, declaring passionately that he loves her, would go to Africa with her, would do anything for her. ""What do you know of Africa?,"" she asks, then, in anguish, shouts, ""Get my husband out of jail!"" The rest of the film plays out the implications of this scene and leaves Shandurai with a choice."
Special Bulletin=1983-03-20=A TV reporter and cameraman are taken hostage on a tugboat while covering a workers strike. The demands of the hostage-takers are to collect all the nuclear detonators in the Charleston, SC area so they may be detonated at sea. They threaten to detonate a nuclear device of their own of their demand isnt met.
Wishin' and Hopin'=2014-11-23=Based on the New York Times best-selling novel by award winning author Wally Lamb. A vivid slice of 1960s life, Wishin' and Hopin' is a wise-and-witty holiday tale that celebrates where we've been-and how far we've come. In the small town of Three Rivers, Connecticut, we go straight into the halls of St. Aloysius Gonzaga Parochial School with Felix Funicello, a Catholic school fifth-grader in 1964, whose claim to fame is his cousin Annette Funicello, the famous Mouseketeer and teen movie queen. But grammar and arithmetic move to the back burner this holiday season with the sudden arrivals of substitute teacher Madame Frechette and feisty Russian student Zhenya Kabakova. While Felix learns the meaning of French kissing, cultural misunderstanding, and tableaux vivants, Wishin' and Hopin' barrels toward one outrageous Christmas!
Black Cadillac=2003-01-01=Three young men become terrorized in a high-speed car chase with a mysterious pursuant.
Fireflies in the Garden=2008-02-10=The semi-autobiographical story centers on the complexities of love and commitment in a family torn apart when faced by an unexpected tragedy.
暗殺=1964-10-30="Assassination begins with the events of 1853 when ""four black ships"" anchored at Edo Bay, sparking civil unrest and the major political manoeuvring that saw the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate. At a time when assassination had become a disturbing political tool, Shinoda's film follows Hachiro Kiyokawa (Tetsuro Tamba), an ambitious, masterless samurai whose allegiances drift dangerously between the Shogunate and the Emperor."
The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death=2014-12-30=40 years after the first haunting at Eel Marsh House, a group of children evacuated from WWII London arrive, awakening the house's darkest inhabitant.
Mein liebster Feind=1999-05-17=A look at the tumultuous yet productive relationship between German director Werner Herzog and actor Klaus Kinski.
The Body Farm=2011-09-12=Dr Eve Lockhart is one of Britain's leading forensic pathologists and runs a state-of-the-art forensic research facility called The Body Farm with her business partner Mike Phillips. Theirs is the only facility in the country using real human body-donors to examine the complex and fascinating journey the body goes through as it decays and returns to the earth.
Miehen tie=1940-09-01=Young farmer Paavo's wife dies in childbirth, and their baby soon after. The wife's family claim back the dowry she brought to their marriage, but Paavo has already used most of it for improvements at the farm. Paavo's life starts going downhill as he resorts to drinking.
Hansel & Gretel: Warriors of Witchcraft=2013-01-22=Jonah and Ella Mazer are typical teenagers, but strange and frightening things are happening at their new school. They learn that all of their classmates are descendants of witches -- and the two are destined to die.
L'homme qu'on aimait trop=2014-05-21=In 1976 in Nice, Agnes, the daughter of the owner of the Palais de la Méditerranée, falls in love with an older lawyer.
All Through the Night=1941-12-02=Broadway gambler 'Gloves' Donahue wants to find who killed the baker of his favorite cheesecake. He sees nightclub singer Leda Hamilton leaving the bakery. When her boss Marty's partner Joe is murdered, Leda and her accompanist Pepi disappear. It turns out that beneath all the mystery is a gang of Nazi operatives planning to blow up a battleship in New York harbor.
Hang 'em High=1968-07-31=Marshall Jed Cooper survives a hanging, vowing revenge on the lynch mob that left him dangling. To carry out his oath for vengeance, he returns to his former job as a lawman. Before long, he's caught up with the nine men on his hit list and starts dispensing his own brand of Wild West justice.
北斗の拳 : 世紀末救世主伝説=1986-03-08=After a nuclear holocaust tears the world apart, mankind is forced to the harshness of not only the oppression of others who are much more powerful, but the dead earth which seems to be getting worse with every passing moment. But a savior has risen from the ashes, a man who will defeat those who would torment the weak and make the world a livable place once more. A man named Kenshiro...
2001: A Space Travesty=2000-10-31=Leslie Nielsen once again plays a bumbling detective in the vein of the 'Naked Gun' movies, but this time as Marshall Richard 'Dick' Dix. When odd reports are received through official channels stating that the President of the United States is being held captive on a secret international moon base called Vegan and that he has been replaced on Earth by a clone, the US Marshall Service immediately sends their 'best' man, Dix, on the mission. Dix travels to Vegan to rescue the president, but is quickly duped and ends up returning to Earth where he installs the clone-president and removes the real one. The bumbling Dix must then find a way to restore the real president before aliens take over the Earth, and restore in himself a belief in truth, justice and the American way.
The Gospel According to Philip K. Dick=2001-01-01=Rambling chatter about Philip K Dick, best known for the novels that became Minority Report, Blade Runner and Screamers. The chatter is loosely grouped together by subject but it drifts back and forth through many subjects. Its interesting to listen to but a bit tough to watch. The trouble is that this is nothing more than interviews with people who knew Dick talking, inter-cut with some audio interview footage spiced up with cartoon of Dick at the typewriter. There is almost nothing other than the interviews themselves, no photos, some fleeting shots of printed material and of the outside of Dick's house. There is no narration, no attempt to explain any of the works he wrote or of his life, its simply remembrances that will mean nothing to anyone who has never read any of his books or, more importantly, never heard any of the stories of the man. My Dad who watched this with me was totally bewildered because he didn't know about Dick's life.
O'er the Land=2009-01-01=A meditation on freedom and technological approaches to manifest destiny.
Dutchman=1967-02-27=A young conservative black man, minding his own business, rides a nearly empty subway car. The only other passenger, a blonde vixen looking for trouble, sizes him up. Sexual tension, racial bigotry and righteous fury collide in a razor's edge confrontation between this unlikely pair.
Blast=2004-01-01=A terrorist posing as environmentalist hijacks an oil rig off the coast of California with the intent of detonating an electromagnetic bomb over the US.
Комиссар=1967-06-06=Klavdia Vavilova, a Red Army cavalry commissar, is waylaid by an unexpected pregnancy. She stays with a Jewish family to give birth and is softened somewhat by the experience of family life.
After the Reality=2016-04-21=The life of a contestant on a 'Bachelorette' style reality show is thrown into turmoil when the sudden death of his father forces him to quit the series prematurely and reconnect with his estranged sister at the family cabin.
Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!=1965-08-06=Three strippers seeking thrills encounter a young couple in the desert. After dispatching the boyfriend, they take the girl hostage and begin scheming on a crippled old man living with his two sons in the desert, reputedly hiding a tidy sum of cash. They become house guests of the old man and try and seduce the sons in an attempt to locate the money, not realizing that the old man has a few sinister intentions of his own.
Prince of Central Park=2000-09-22=A young boy sets out to find his mother. After setting up camp in Central Park, he encounters a group of people even needier than himself.
Stanley & Iris=1990-02-09=An illiterate cook at a company cafeteria tries for the attention of a newly widowed woman. As they get to know one another, she discovers his inability to read. When he is fired, she takes on trying to teach him to read in her kitchen each night.
Jimmy Carr: Comedian=2007-11-05=Recorded live at London's Bloomsbury theatre, the posh-suited gagster unleashes his rapid-fire wit upon his audience, with jokes that are just too rude for TV.
Zweiohrküken=2009-11-24=Two years have passed. There is a normal life, but handsome Ludo meets his old love, and Anna is very jealous...
Le comiche 2=1991-10-19=A few funny little novels about different aspects of life.
He-Man and She-Ra: The Secret of the Sword=1985-01-01=After experiencing traumatic nightmares of a time now past, the Sorceress summons Prince Adam and Cringer to Castle Grayskull to give Adam a precious, jeweled sword and send the pair to the planet Etheria to investigate its secrets.
Hell in the Pacific=1968-12-19=During World War II, a shot-down American pilot and a marooned Japanese navy captain find themselves stranded on the same small uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean. Following war logic, each time the crafty Japanese devises something useful, he guards it to deny its use to the Yank, who then steals it, its proceeds or the idea and/or ruins it. Yet each gets his chance to kill and/or capture the other, but neither pushes this to the end. After a while of this pointless pestering, they end up joining forces to build and man a raft...
The Ice Storm=1997-09-27=In the weekend after thanksgiving 1973 the Hoods are skidding out of control. Benjamin Hood reels from drink to drink, trying not to think about his trouble at the office. His wife, Elena, is reading self help books and losing patience with her husband's lies. Their son, Paul, home for the holidays, escapes to the city to pursue an alluring rich girl from his prep school. Young, budding nymphomaniac, Wendy Hood roams the neighborhood, innocently exploring liquor cabinets and lingerie drawers of her friends' parents, looking for something new. Then an ice storm hits, the worst in a century.
The Last Time I Committed Suicide=1997-06-20=Neal Cassady is living the beat life during the 1940s, working at The Tire Yard and and philandering around town. However, he has visions of a happy life with kids and a white picket fence. When his girlfried, Joan, tries to kill herself he gets scared and runs away. But when Joan reappears will he take the chance at that happiness, or will he turn his back on it?
Die, Monster, Die!=1965-10-26=A young man visits his fiancé's estate to discover that her wheelchair-bound scientist father has discovered a meteorite that emits mutating radiation rays that have turned the plants in his greenhouse to giants. When his own wife falls victim to this mysterious power, the old man takes it upon himself to destroy the glowing object with disastrous results.
Electra Glide in Blue=1973-08-18=A short Arizona motorcycle cop gets his wish and is promoted to Homicide following the mysterious murder of a hermit. He is forced to confront his illusions about himself and those around him in order to solve the case, eventually returning to solitude in the desert.
Mythica: The Iron Crown=2016-05-14=When a team of unlikely heroes hijacks a steam-powered battle wagon, a daring young wizard (Marek) steals the final piece of the all-powerful Darkspore and embarks on a desperate quest to deliver the cursed artifact to the gods for safe keeping; but when they are caught in a death race between a ruthless team of elite mercenaries and a trinity of demons, Marek must learn to believe in herself before her friends are killed and the Darkspore is lost, to stop the evil necromancer (Szorlok) from uniting the Darkspore and flooding the living world with his legions of undead.
Stella: Live in Boston=2009-08-13=The comedy trio performs live in Boston.
Russell Brand: Messiah Complex=2013-11-25=Recorded live at Hammersmith Apollo, Russell questions the values of heroes and leaders. ‘Messiah Complex’ is a disorder where sufferers think they might be the messiah. Did Jesus have it? What about Che Guevara, Gandhi, Malcolm X and Hitler? All these men have shaped our lives and influenced the way we think. Their images are used to represent ideas that often do not relate to them at all. Would Gandhi be into Apple? Would Che Guevara endorse Madonna? Would Jesus be into Christianity? He concludes it’s all a load of rubbish and encourages the audience to stop voting, ignore advertising, look to the transcendent within themselves and others...and kick over some bins on their way home. Plus there’s sex. Obviously.
Tangerine=2008-10-23=Amira, an aspiring young dancer, is cast out of her uncle's home in Tangiers when she refuses to either get married or become a housemaid. She finds refuge in the apartment of some girlfriends who earn their living as prostitutes. Pia and Tom, a young German couple, have come to Morocco seeking musical inspiration. When they meet her in a nightclub, Amira's sensual dancing inspires the thought of a potential love triangle that might help stimulate Pia's stagnant relationship with Tom. Amira, with ulterior motives, embraces the idea of an affair with Tom, hoping this might provide an opportunity to change her fate.
The Collection=2012-09-21="Arkin escapes with his life from the vicious grips of ""The Collector"" during an entrapment party where he adds beautiful Elena to his ""Collection."" Instead of recovering from the trauma, Arkin is suddenly abducted from the hospital by mercenaries hired by Elena's wealthy father. Arkin is blackmailed to team up with the mercenaries and track down The Collector's booby trapped warehouse and save Elena."
愛=2012-02-14=Eight people try to end their loneliness by searching for that one person to love, who can make their life complete.
100% లవ్=2011-05-06=Balu (Naga Chaitanya) is a brilliant student and always tops his class. Maha Lakshmi (Tamanna) is maradalu of Balu and she comes from village and stays in Balu’s house to do her graduation in the same college. Balu has the typical ego possessed by state rankers and he is obsessed by it. His studies get disturbed with the entry to Maha Lakshmi as she starts dominating him over a period of time. This leads to differences and ego clashes between Balu and Maha Lakshmi. There is also a subplot of two separated grand parents. The rest of the story is all about how Balu and Mahalakshmi realise that they are made for each other.
How to Beat the High Co$t of Living=1980-07-11=Oregon, 1980: Jane, Elaine and Louise are all feeling the effects of inflation and cannot afford, as the title states, the high cost of living. Jane cannot afford a babysitter or get married and if she wants privacy with her boyfriend, she has to sleep in the car. Even worse, her war veteran father comes to live with her to turn her life upside down. Louise lives a happy life with her veterinarian husband, Albert. She runs an antique shop on the side, but since it doesn't take in any profit, the IRS considers it a hobby. She needs to come up with the money to keep it going, or she will be trouble with the IRS. Elaine's husband has left her for another woman and without any money. She is in a constant struggle with banks, power companies, and gas stations. She needs money to get by and also catches the eye of police officer Jack. The local mall is having a contest that features a giant money ball that states it will help fight the inflation...
Будет ласковый дождь=1984-01-01=Animated short based on a short story from Ray Bradbury.  The viewer observes a computer-controlled house in the near future and learns of the fates of its occupants.
Black Road=2015-10-14=In 2029, a cyborg drifter risks his life to protect a woman from her demented ex. Set in a lawless coastal town after Oregon secedes from the Union.
84C MoPic=1989-03-22=A cameraman embedded with a reconnaissance patrol charts their mission across territory controlled by the Vietnamese. An impressively naturalistic Vietnam film. Impressive performance by unknown actors in this low-budget Vietnam drama. The story is being told in the form of a documentary; a camera team follows an Army unit in pursuit of 'Charlie'. Filmed in Southern California. The movie's producing company itself is called '84 Charlie MoPic'.
2 Days in Paris=2007-02-09="Adam Goldberg delivers ""an uproarious study in transatlantic culture panic"" as Jack, an anxious, hypochondriac-prone New Yorker vacationing throughout Europe with his breezy, free-spirited Parisian girlfriend, Marion. But when they make a two-day stop in Marion's hometown, the couple's romantic trip takes a turn as Jack is exposed to Marion's sexually perverse and emotionally unstable family."
Il prezzo del potere=1969-12-18="The Pinkerton detective agency uncovers a plot to assassinate President James Garfield in 1881 Texas. The film, a ""political"" Spaghetti, is a very overt mirroring of the JFK Assassination in 1963."
La cicatrice intérieure=1972-02-02=A collage of dreams. Garrel made a name for himself with this film as a new Jean Vigo. With Nico (Velvet Underground).  A poetic and painterly film that has been described as 'a collage of dreams'. The film was shot without a script, but Garrel had already thought up the eventual title ('the scar inside'). This title was an obsession for him, every shot had to be an expression of 'the scar inside'. Apart from Garrel himself and actor Pierre Clementi, Garrel's former partner Nico, member of the legendary Velvet Underground, played a role in the film. Another important role was for the landscape. Garrel, 23 when he made the film, was compared with Jean Vigo because of his age and talent. La cicatrice intérieure even led Claude Mauriac to call him the Rimbaud of film. (from https://www.iffr.com/en/films/la-cicatrice-int-rieure/)
A Lesson Before Dying=1999-05-22=In the 1940's South, an African-American man is wrongly accused of the killing a a white store owner. In his defense, his white attorney equates him with a lowly hog, to indicate that he didn't have the sense to know what he was doing. Nevertheless convicted, he is sentenced to die, but his godmother and the aunt of the local schoolteacher convince school teacher go to the convicted man's cell each day to try to reaffirm to him that he is not an animal but a man with dignity.
XIII=2008-09-24=The first female US President Sally Sheridan is shot dead by a sniper during her Veterans Day speech. Her assassin narrowly escapes the scene with his life, national security hot on his heels - or so it seems. Three months later, an elderly couple discover the body of a wounded man in a tree, wearing a parachute. The young man cannot remember the slightest thing about his own identity.
Aika Hyvä Ihmiseksi=1977-10-07=The film follows a boy and the relationship between his birth mother and step mother. Based on the novels by Aapeli.
Tortured=2008-09-10=A mobster orders an undercover FBI agent to torture an accountant.
Light Sleeper=1992-08-21=A drug dealer with upscale clientele is having moral problems going about his daily deliveries. A reformed addict, he has never gotten over the wife that left him, and the couple that use him for deliveries worry about his mental well-being and his effectiveness at his job. Meanwhile someone is killing women in apparently drug-related incidents.
Anne Frank Remembered=1995-06-08=Using previously unreleased archival material in addition to contemporary interviews, this academy award-winning documentary tells the story of the Frank family and presents the first fully-rounded portrait of their brash and free-spirited daughter Anne, perhaps the world's most famous victim of the Holocaust. Written by Dawn M. Barclift
Protagonist=2007-12-02="Jessica Yu's documentary explores the relationship between human life and Euripidean dramatic structure by weaving together the stories of four men: German terrorist, a bank robber, an ""ex-gay"" evangelist, and a martial arts student."
Cashback=2006-09-10=After a painful breakup, Ben develops insomnia. To kill time, he starts working the late night shift at the local supermarket, where his artistic imagination runs wild.
Boy Crazy=2009-01-26=Love never sounded so good, until Corey must decide between two love interests and whether he wants to give up the joys of the single life.
Άδικος Κόσμος=2012-02-02=Sotiris is a police investigator in Athens who lives by a strict moral code. An honest man, he carries himself as though held down by the weight of the world. Dora is a cleaning lady, struggling to get by any way she can. Dealt a rough hand in life, she has developed a rich layer of cynicism and mistrust that informs her every action. When a man Sotiris believes is innocent is arrested for a brutal crime, his attempt to uncover the truth results in a grave mistake. Finding himself on the other side of the law for the first time, he places his fate in Dora, the only witness to his malfeasance and the only person who can help him, for better or for worse.
Live!=2007-01-01=A mockumentary following an ambitious TV network executive trying to produce a controversial reality show where contestants play Russian Roulette
Betty Boop's Hallowe'en Party=1933-11-03=Betty Boop hosts a Hallowe'en party with a few uninvited guests.
The Numbers Station=2013-04-18=When the moral values of a longtime wetwork black ops agent is tested during his last operation, he receives an unfavorable psych evaluation. Now he is given a break and a seemingly uncomplicated assignment of simply protecting the security of a young female code announcer, code resources and remote station they are assigned to. After an ambush and one phone call later, it becomes a complicated fight for their survival.
사도=2015-09-16=A historical story describing the death of Prince Sado.
The Dark Knight=2011-07-11=In a post-apocalyptic world ravaged by feuding warlords, a group of desperate soldiers hatch a plan to steal a Warlord's treasure and start a new life. Faced with the threat of a horrific death at the hands of the Warlord's executioners, the men escape into a desolate and forbidden land known only as the Shadowlands. Now the men must flee from the Warlord's vicious assassins while defending themselves from the terrifying creatures that inhabit the land.
Court=2015-03-26=A sewerage worker's dead body is found inside a manhole in Mumbai. An ageing folk singer is tried in court on charges of abetment of suicide. He is accused of performing an inflammatory song which might have incited the worker to commit the act. As the trial unfolds, the personal lives of the lawyers and the judge involved in the case are observed outside the court.
La victoire en chantant=1976-01-01="French colonists in Africa, several months behind in the news, find themselves at war with their German neighbors. Deciding that they must do their proper duty and fight the Germans, they promptly conscript the local native population. Issuing them boots and rifles, the French attempt to make ""proper"" soldiers out of the Africans. A young, idealistic French geographer seems to be the only rational person in the town, and he takes over control of the ""war"" after several bungles on the part of the others."
Fantasia 2000=1999-12-17=Blending lively music and brilliant animation, this sequel to the original 'Fantasia' restores 'The Sorcerer's Apprentice' and adds seven new shorts.
Dom Hemingway=2013-11-15=After spending 12 years in prison for keeping his mouth shut, notorious safe-cracker Dom Hemingway is back on the streets of London looking to collect what he's owed.
Election=1999-04-23=A high school teacher's personal life becomes complicated as he works with students during the school elections.
Dark Touch=2013-09-27=Niamh is the lone survivor of a bloody massacre after the furniture and objects in her family’s isolated house take on a monstrous life of their own. The police ignore her wild stories and the family friends and social worker who take her in try to introduce a new life. But in this psychological thriller, Niamh is unable to leave her violent past behind her, endangering everyone who crosses her path.
Jane Eyre=1996-02-09=Jane Eyre is an orphan cast out as a young girl by her aunt, Mrs. Reed, and sent to be raised in a harsh charity school for girls. There she learns to be come a teacher and eventually seeks employment outside the school. Her advertisement is answered by the housekeeper of Thornfield Hall, Mrs. Fairfax.
Una gota de sangre para morir amando=1973-08-22=Set in the future, the story follows a nurse who tries to bring her own style of relief to people condemned to die. Her identity is a mystery and she may not be quite what she seems.
Fatty Finn=1980-12-18="The time is the 1930's. Australia like the rest of the world is in the grip of depression. For Aussie's one man lifted their spirits, Don Bradman. Arguably one of the greatest sportsmen of any sport, The Don's cricketing prowess was a ray of sunshine to all Australian, especially to one Hubert ""Fatty"" Finn. He had a dream, to own a crystal set ( very early radio receiver) so as to listen to Bradman flay the Pom's ( English) in the upcoming Ashes Test match. However that took money to buy and times were hard. Fatty uses his enterprise to raise money and promptly loses it as misfortune strikes time and again. Then of course his arch rival Bruiser Murphy is also plotting Fatty's downfall. If he can only win the goat race again he will have enough to pay for the crystal set; or will Bruiser Murphy gazump him? With his band of friends plus Trumper the frog and Hector the goat Fatty sets out to win the day. Hurray for Fatty Finn. Oh yes and Bradman made a record score in the test."
俺は待ってるぜ=1957-10-22=Jôji is a boxer barred from the ring; Saeko is a singer whose voice is gone. Lost souls, they meet one night by a quay; she may be thinking of suicide. He invites her to his café, and perhaps he will rescue her from the cabaret where she's under contract to a vicious mob leader. When the boss insists on her return, Jôji is bitter. He also despairs over lost dreams. His brother has gone to Brazil to purchase a farm; Jôji planned to join him but now believes his brother abandoned him. When Jôji discovers a clue about his brother, he needs Saeko's help. Like a fighter in the ring, he pursues the truth relentlessly, without regard for his own safety. Will it cost his life?
Bathing Beauty=1944-07-01=A big splash in her first starring role: Esther Williams is a teacher at a women's college -- and wacky Red Skelton enrolls to be near her. An astonishing flames-and-fountains aquatic finale.
Parada=2011-10-31=The Parade, in a tragicomic way, tells the story about ongoing battle between two worlds in contemporary post-war Serbian society - the traditional, oppressive, homophobic majority and a liberal, modern and open-minded minority... The film, which deals with gay rights issues in Serbia, features footage of the 2010 Belgrade gay pride parade. The film introduces a group of gay activists, trying to organize a pride parade in Belgrade
The Convenient Groom=2016-06-18=Dr. Kate Lawrence, a celebrity relationship expert, plans to publicly announce her engagement to Bryan, a handsome and perfectly polished businessman. As Kate prepares to share the news, Bryan shocks her by breaking up with her and calling off the wedding. Wanting to save her from humiliation and protect her public image, Lucas Wright, Kate's childhood friend steps in and pretends to be Kate's fiancé.
Map of the Human Heart=1993-04-22=Fantastic improbabilities, happenstance and the undying bridge of love are part of this romantic fantasy about an Inuit who crosses years, oceans and the ravages of WWII to find his childhood love, a Metis girl, but finds that their cultures are the most difficult spaces to gap.
Bollywood/Hollywood=2002-01-01="Rahul Seth is a dashing young millionaire who believes he is ""western"" enough to rebel against his mother and grandmother. They are not too keen about his Caucasian girlfriend Kimberly who, to make matters worse, is a pop star. Before you can say ""karmic intervention,"" Kimberly dies in a freak accident and Rahul is devastated. Instead of allowing him to mourn in peace, Rahul's mother sees the opportunity she's been waiting for. She threatens to call off his sister's wedding unless he finds himself a ""nice Indian girl."" Rahul enlists the services of Sue, a fiercely independent escort whom he believes to be Hispanic, and therefore not ""married"" to the conventions taught to young Indian women. With a wink in her eye, Sue accepts the deal to pose as his Indian bride-to-be. She needs the money and having never been a fan of the typical Indian male, she feels her heart is safe. The charade begins...."
In Between Days=2007-06-27=A Korean immigrant falls in love with her best friend while navigating her way through the challenges of living in a new country.
Days of Thunder=1990-06-27=Talented but unproven stock car driver Cole Trickle gets a break and with the guidance of veteran Harry Hogge turns heads on the track. The young hotshot develops a rivalry with a fellow racer that threatens his career when the two smash their cars. But with the help of his doctor, Cole just might overcome his injuries-- and his fear.
Kissed=1996-09-07=Over the years, a child's romantic ideals about death blossom into necrophilia, the study of embalming and the most profound relationship of her life.
A Viking Saga: The Darkest Day=2013-06-10=Cast into a violent and bloody world of murder, Hereward, a novice monk, must deliver the Holy Gospel of Lindisfarne - a book of great beauty and power - to the safety of the Iona monastery, while being pursued by a Viking death squad hell- bent on its capture. On his way to the monastery, he meets a fierce and skilled swordsman who answers his prayers and dedicates his life to protecting Hereward while he delivers the book. In the midst of their journey, they are confronted by Vikings ready to kill in order to get what they want, leaving Hereward and his protector at their mercy.
The Look of Love=2013-04-26=Paul Raymond builds a porn, entertainment and real estate empire that makes him the wealthiest man in Britain, but drugs doom his beloved daughter, Debbie.
あしたのジョー=2011-02-11=Set in the 1960's, Joe Yabuki (Tomohisa Yamashita) lives in a run-down low income ara. There, alcholic ex-boxer Danpei Tange (Teruyuki Kagawa) notices Joe Yabuki's talents as a boxer. But then, Joe gets into trouble and is sentenced into the youth detention center. In the youth detention center, Joe gets into a brawl and then is knocked out by Toru Rikiishi (Yusuke Iseya) who is a champion caliber professional boxer. While incarcerated, Joe gets special training from Danpei Tange through letters. Upon Joe's release, he quickly becomes an elite boxer and famous for a devastating cross counter. Meanwhile, Toru Rikiishi is also released from prison and quickly resumes his boxing career. Toru finally gets his shot at the world championship belt, but before that, Toru wants a match with Joe Yabuki. The two men enter the ring ...
No Child of Mine=1997-02-25=Thirteen-year-old Kerry is repeatedly sexually abused by several adults, including at one point her mother. Her father sets her up as a prostitute. Kerry finally calls Childline and is put in a safe house, where she tries to come to terms with what has been done to her. Based on a true story, with the names changed to protect the real Kerry's identity.
Sweeney!=1977-01-14=The film followed the adventures of DI Regan and DS Carter as they became embroiled in a deadly political scandal. One of the leading members of the government, Charles Baker (Ian Bannen) is about to secure a huge deal with OPEC stabilising the world oil market and boosting Britain's position within it. Baker is the rising star of government, regarded a future prime minister, who is closely controlled by his urbane, manipulative American press secretary Elliot McQueen (Barry Foster). When Regan investigates the mysterious death of a prostitute as a favour to one of his informants, he becomes aware that Baker and McQueen might be involved. A spate of killings follow - which sees Regan take on both the criminals and the hierarchy of the Metropolitan Police and British security services. The outcome of the film was similar to that of the Profumo affair, through with a typical Sweeney bittersweet ending.
Happy end=1967-09-01="A dark comedy about a murder and its consequences presented in a backwards manner, where death is actually a rebirth. The film starts with an ""execution"" of the main protagonist and goes back to explore his previous actions and motivations."
Mogambo=1953-10-09=Victor Marswell runs a big game trapping company in Kenya. Eloise Kelly is ditched there, and an immediate attraction happens between them. Then Mr. and Mrs. Nordley show up for their gorilla documenting safari. Mrs. Nordley is not infatuated with her husband any more, and takes a liking to Marswell. The two men and two women have some difficulty arranging these emotions to their mutual satisfaction, but eventually succeed.
The Cheating Pact=2013-09-28=Three high school students that are under pressure from their parents to get into good colleges convince a shy but very smart girl to take the College Entrance Test for them.
Who's Your Caddy?=2007-07-27="When ""street smart"" rapper Christopher ""C-Note"" Hawkins (Big Boi) applies for a membership to all-white Carolina Pines Country Club, the establishment's proprietors are hardly ready to oblige him."
A Sister's Revenge=2013-04-27=A restaurateur has it all - a successful business, a beautiful house and a loving family - until a ravishing femme fatale with stiletto heels and an ax to grind walks into his life.
Maniac Cop 3=1993-02-01=A female cop is gunned down and wrongly accused of using excessive force in a hostage rescue attempt. Maniac cop returns from the dead once more to seek revenge, destroying everthing and anyone that stands in his way.
The Case of the Curious Bride=1935-04-13=After giving the District Attorney another stinging defeat, Perry plans to take a vacation in China. That is, he was, until Rhoda, his old flame, meets him at a restaurant. Even though she says that she is asking for a friend, Perry can see right through her. It seems that her husband Moxley, who had been allegedly dead for four years, is alive and demanding money as she has married into wealth. The case escalates when the police find the body of Moxley and charge her with the murder.
Insensibles=2012-10-09=Set in Catalonia, Painless weaves two stories: in one, starting during the Spanish Civil War and running through to the '60s, an asylum attempts to rehabilitate children who feel no pain, by teaching them physical suffering. In the second, in the present time, a brilliant neurosurgeon who needs a bone marrow transplant, discovers this dark past when he searches for his biological parents.
Come rubare la corona d'Inghilterra=1967-03-24=Argoman has a silly costume and is a sexist pig. He uses his special telekinetic to get the ladies to sleep with him. The catch is, after a night with a gal he loses his special powers for 6 hours!  In this comedic super/spy thriller, Argoman goes head to head against the evil Jenabelle: Queen of the World.
The Pie-Covered Wagon=1932-10-30=Baby Burlesk on wagon train fight with Indians.
There's Something About Mary=1998-07-15=Having never fully recovered from a prom date that became a total disaster, a man finally gets a chance to reunite with his old prom date, only to run up against other suitors including the sleazy detective he hired to find her.
Trädgårdsmästaren=1912-10-16=The Gardener is a 1912 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström. It is mostly known for being the first film to ever be banned by the Swedish censor system.
Slave Ship=1937-06-16=Action-filled drama about a ship captain, ashamed of his background in the slave trade, forced against his will to again transport human cargo.
Heartbreak Hotel=1988-09-30=When a teen tries to set up a band at his school, his mother who was a big fan of Elvis Presley gets in a wreck he and his band members decides to kidnap Elvis and have him hooked up with his mother.
När mörkret faller=2006-10-20=A gripping and intense thriller about honour, loyalty, and the courage to fight for what you believe.
Santa Baby 2=2009-12-13=Jenny McCarthy reprises her role as Mary Class, Santa's business-minded daughter, to help save Christmas in Santa Baby 2: Christmas Maybe, the sequel to ABC Family's original hit movie of 2006. Santa's in the midst of a late-life crisis -- he's tired of the responsibilities of the job and is ready to pass on the reins to Mary, who feels torn between the family business and running her own high stakes firm in New York City, along with balancing a relationship with the love of her life, Luke (Dean McDermott). The situation gets increasingly dire when Teri, an ambitious new arrival to the North Pole, sows dissension at the workshop in an effort to take over Christmas.
Christmas Cupid=2010-12-12=Sloan is beautiful, stylish, and on the fast track to success at her public relations firm. After her client Caitlin ends up in a coma and becomes her own personal ghost of Christmas past, present, and future; she finds out first hand that her unethical ways needs to change and reuniting with a past jilted lover may be the answer.
Eroica=1958-01-04="Two sketches covering episodes from the World War II. In the first novel, ""Scherzo alla polacca"", a shrewd son, trying to preserve his skin, ultimately becomes a hero and finds a reason for fighting. He initially tries to avoid underground training to avoid the Warsaw uprising. His drunkenness, disregard for safety and cowardice when sober stated with humorous effect come out as something sane in the world gone mad. His will to survive is more acceptable than any desire for heroic death. The second novel, ""Ostinato lugubre"", details a hopeless attempt at escape from a prison camp by a man who can no longer stand the confinement and idiocy of the professional soldiers trying to keep up the military preneses in prison. Nevertheless, his escape boosts the morale of his fellow prisoners, while the ""escapee"" lies hidden from Germans and comrades alike.""  From  Polish Cinema Database"
Defiance=2008-12-31=Based on a true story, during World War II, four Jewish brothers escape their Nazi-occupied homeland of West Belarus in Poland and join the Soviet partisans to combat the Nazis. The brothers begin the rescue of roughly 1,200 Jews still trapped in the ghettos of Poland.
David Cross: Making America Great Again=2016-08-06=With nothing off-limits, David Cross is unapologetic, insightful, and biting in his Netflix original stand-up comedy special, Making America Great Again. Filmed live at The Paramount Theatre in Austin, TX, Cross takes aim the current political landscape.
Girl in Woods=2016-06-03=After a tragic accident Grace is lost and alone in the Smoky Mountains. Grace's struggle for survival is made more complicated by her troubled past. Battling the demons in her mind may be the only way to come out alive.
Petting Zoo=2015-02-10=A story of love, sex and teen pregnancy in San Antonio, Texas. Petting Zoo is the portrait of a young woman coming into her own, in an environment that does not always present ideal circumstances.
Blue Summer=1973-11-20=A couple of dudes pack a van full of beer and go on a road trip in search of sexual adventures. They get that and more.
8MM=1999-02-26=A small, seemingly innocuous plastic reel of film leads surveillance specialist Tom Welles down an increasingly dark and frightening path. With the help of the streetwise Max, he relentlessly follows a bizarre trail of evidence to determine the fate of a complete stranger. As his work turns into obsession, he drifts farther and farther away from his wife, family and simple life as a small-town PI.
十三人の刺客=2010-09-09=A bravado period action film set at the end of Japan's feudal era in which a group of unemployed samurai are enlisted to bring down a sadistic lord and prevent him from ascending to the throne and plunging the country into a war-torn future.
The Sound of Music Live!=2013-12-05="This new version of ""The Sound of Music"" will be a faithful adaptation of the original stage musical, to retell the story for a whole new generation. And more than that, it will be broadcast LIVE, adding a whole new level of immediacy and excitement. Get ready to reintroduce your family to the most joyful, most emotional and most musical family adventure of them all. Three-hour live event."
The Last September=2000-04-28=In 1920s Ireland, an elderly couple reside over a tired country estate. Living with them are their high-spirited niece, their Oxford student nephew, and married house guests, who are trying to cover up that they are presently homeless. The niece enjoys romantic frolics with a soldier and a hidden guerrilla fighter. All of the principals are thrown into turmoil when one more guest arrives with considerable wit and unwanted advice.
消失的子弹=2012-08-14=One rainy night in an arms factory near Shanghai, a young female worker accused of stealing a box of bullets from the ruthless Boss Ding (Liu Kai Chi) is violently killed in a game of Russian roulette. Half a month later, a series of inexplicable deaths takes place in the factory, where the victims are shot but no bullets are found. Rumors of a deadly curse begin to spread in the factory, terrorizing the workers there. So, eccentric police inspector Song Donglu (Lau Ching Wan) and his hot-blooded, gunslinging partner Guo Zhui (Nicholas Tse) are sent in to investigate the mystery of the phantom bullets...
Forever Mine=1999-12-09=A hotel cabana boy falls for the wife of a powerful politico. But when she confesses to the affair, her husband determines to end it forever. Starring Ray Liotta, Joseph Fiennes and Gretchen Mol.
Mr. 로빈 꼬시기=2006-12-07=Min-joon is a believer in true love and always very dedicated to her current boyfriend. Distracted by the latest break-up, she bumps into a car and a man steps out of it - who turns out to be her new boss, Robin Heiden. Heiden has very clear ideas about a relationship and love: both are a game of power and Min-Joon seeks advice from him, as she doesn't want to get dumped again. However, when she starts to treat men like Heiden treats women, she realizes that she prefers her older behaviour, even if that means that she gets dumped again; she doesn't see love as a game of power and never will. Heiden, who has to deal with his own heartbreak, as he loved a woman so much that she had to shoot him to get the message across that she wasn't interested in him, starts to soften at Min-joon's attitude towards life. He eventually falls in love with her and both get into a real relationship and a happy ending of their own.
Monsters=2010-06-18="Six years ago NASA discovered the possibility of alien life within our solar system. A probe was launched to collect samples, but crashed upon re-entry over Central America. Soon after, new life forms began to appear and half of Mexico was quarantined as an infected zone. Today, the American and Mexican military still struggle to contain ""the creatures,"" while a journalist agrees to escort a shaken tourist through the infected zone in Mexico to the safety of the U.S. border."
Firebase=2017-06-28=Set during the Vietnam war, Firebase follows American soldier Hines through an ever-deepening web of science fiction madness.
The Champ=1979-07-10=The more you love, the harder you fight.The world looks at Billy Flynn and sees a has-been who seemingly never was, an ex-boxing champion slammed to the mat years ago by booze and gambling. But Billy's son TJ sees what the world doesn't. He knows his flawed but loving father is, was and always will be The Champ.
Mil gritos tiene la noche=1982-08-23=A frustrated Boston detective searches for the maniac responsible for mutilating a number of university coeds.
Heshang Aiqing=2008-07-11=An ancestral city; through its delicious botanical garden and its branched canals, we observe the clues and traces of its ancient culture. Two couples of men and women, former lovers, meet again one year later. The yesterday's breath of youth is still perceptible in their conversations. Is it still possible for us to love? Does youth really have an end? Like the networks linking the old city, what type of ecological existence does their culture require?  Written by Venice Film Festival
Le Grand Bleu=1988-05-11=Two men answer the call of the ocean in this romantic fantasy-adventure.  Jacques (Jean-Marc Barr) and Enzo (Jean Reno) are a pair of friends who have been close since childhood, and who share a passion for the dangerous sport of free diving. Professional diver Jacques opted to follow in the footsteps of his father, who died at sea when Jacques was a boy; to the bewilderment of scientists, Jacques harbors a remarkable ability to adjust his heart rate and breathing pattern in the water, so that his vital signs more closely resemble that of dolphins than men (he even considers a school of dolphins as his extended family).  As Enzo persuades a reluctant Jacques to compete against him in a free diving contest -- determining who can dive deeper and longer without scuba gear -- Jacques meets Johana (Rosanna Arquette), a beautiful insurance investigator from America, and he finds that he must choose between his love for her and his love of the sea.
The Crimson Kimono=1959-10-01=A Los Angeles detective (Glenn Corbett) and his Japanese partner (James Shigeta) woo an artist (Victoria Shaw) while solving a stripper's murder.
不知火検校=1960-09-01=This is the story of a blind masseur who tricks people, steals, and kills; he is the anti-Zaitochi
Dolls=1987-03-01=A group of people stop by a mansion during a storm and discover two magical toy makers, and their haunted collection of dolls.
Space Jam=1996-11-15=In a desperate attempt to win a basketball match and earn their freedom, the Looney Tunes seek the aid of retired basketball champion, Michael Jordan.
Dubina dva=2016-02-13=A combination of spoken testimonies and images of the places where the crimes happened 17 years ago, DEPTH TWO is an experimental documentary, with elements of a thriller, about a mass grave in the suburbs of Belgrade.  In an attempt to uncover, shed a light on and give a voice to these stories, intentionally buried in silence, the film speaks directly to the sensations, imagination and emotions of the viewer, in a hypnotic and meditative way.
ラヂオの時間=1997-11-08=A radio play is going to go on air at a Tokyo radio station. It is a weepy melodrama written by housewife Miyako, who is the winner of the competition run by the station. Suddenly, the hot-tempered lead actress Nokko decides she wants the name of her character to be Mary Jane and not Ritsuko. That leads to the chain of events which changes the play completely.
காதலும் கடந்து போகும்=2016-03-11=An unlikely romance brews between a tough-acting thug with a tender heart, and a recently single, IT consultant neighbor, in this lighthearted and wacky twist of a romantic comedy.
8 Minutes Idle=2012-03-29="Based upon Matt Thorne's award-winning novel about life in a call centre, ""Eight Minutes Idle"" is a warped urban comedy about what it really means to put your life 'on hold'! Dan Thomas has always taken the path of least resistance - in his work life, home life and love life! But when Dan finds himself kicked out of the family home, he's faced with no option but to secretly move into the call centre where he works. Suddenly, everything that he's previously taken for granted - a well-stocked fridge, clean clothes, his friends, his self respect, even his beloved cat - are either disappearing or conspiring against him. As Dan's work/life balance spirals dangerously out of control, he's forced to break out of old habits and to dare to do something he has never had to do before - really care about someone other than himself. Written by Sarah Cox"
How Beer Saved the World=2011-01-30=This show traces the important role that beer has played in human history from the probable origins of the first beer at the dawn of history to the development of a special beer for use in zero gravity space missions.
تاکسی=2015-04-15=A yellow cab is driving through the vibrant and colourful streets of Tehran. Very diverse passengers enter the taxi, each candidly expressing their views while being interviewed by the driver who is no one else but the director Jafar Panahi himself. His camera placed on the dashboard of his mobile film studio captures the spirit of Iranian society through this comedic and dramatic drive…
Blue Blood=2006-04-26=What makes mild mannered intellectuals join the Oxford University Boxing Club? This film follows five novices becoming fighters. (Storyville)
The Hollywood Complex=2011-05-01=Every spring, Hollywood hosts a very species-specific migration: kids. Thousands of aspiring child actors flock to Tinseltown for pilot season, the traditional casting period for new network and cable television shows. But unlike adult actors who pound the same star-lined pavement, kids come with their families. Many set up camp at the Oakwood, a temporary housing complex that caters to the showbiz flock. While their little Angelinas and mini Brads audition for armies of ruthless agents and TV executives, the parents must manage sky-high expectations and thin skins, including their own
Joe=2014-04-11=The rough-hewn boss of a lumber crew courts trouble when he steps in to protect the youngest member of his team from an abusive father.
Our Song=2000-01-21="Focusing on the bonding between three female (an African American female, a half African American half Latino American female, and a Latino American female) high school members of Brooklyn's ""Jackie Robinson Steppers Marching Band"" and the choices the girls face once their school closes down because of the need for asbestos removal. This film is about a host of topics, not least of which is the hard-work involved in maintaining"
Trainspotting=1996-02-23=Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends.
소원=2013-10-02=Tragedy of a 8 year old girl coping with a gruesome rape damaging her internally and affecting emotionally tries to overcome all obstacles that are about to happen in her life aftermath of the incident with a good support from her family and those around her.
Herbie Rides Again=1974-02-14=The living Volkswagen Beetle helps a old lady protect her home from a corrupt developer.
Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa=2013-07-24=Alan Partridge has had many ups and downs in life. National television broadcaster. Responsible for killing a guest on live TV. Local radio broadcaster. Nervous breakdown in Dundee. A self-published book, 'Bouncing Back', which was subsequently remaindered and pulped. Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa portrays the events of the greatest low-to-high ebb spectrum in his life to date, namely how he tries to salvage his public career while negotiating a potentially violent turn of events at North Norfolk Digital Radio.
Jesse Stone: Thin Ice=2009-03-01=Jesse Stone and Captain Healy are shot during an unauthorized stake-out in Boston. Meanwhile, a cryptic letter sent from Paradise leads the mother of a kidnapped child to Stone. Though her son was declared dead, she hopes he will reopen the case.
Leaving Barstow=2008-04-29=Growing up in Barstow, CA, high school senior Andrew hopes for a bigger world -- but his devotion to his mother, Sandra, and his awakening attraction to newcomer Jenny, combine to keep him tied to home. Andrew's loyalties become confused and his prior ambitions begin to fade as he realizes he must make the most difficult of all decisions -- choosing between himself and the people he loves.
The Daughter of Dawn=1920-10-01=Daughter of Dawn told the story of a Comanche chief's daughter torn between two lovers, one wealthy but cowardly, the other poor but honest and loyal. A contest of bravery involving a dangerous jump off of a cliff reveals the true nature of each man. The cowardly lover disgraced by his failing defects to the rival Kiowa tribe and joins in a failed attack on the Comanche village. When the Comanches successfully repel the attack the Chief gladly sends his daughter off with her true love and the young lovers, paddling together in a canoe, sail into the proverbial sunset.
Lake Dead=2007-11-09=Three sisters and a group of their friends take a trip to the home of the recently deceased grandfather -- who died a particularly grisly death -- to learn more about the promise of an inheritance, only to encounter a family of psychos who have taken up residence in the old man's cabin.
Bella Vita=2014-09-16=Bella Vita is an intimate and powerful journey of self-discovery, seeped in culture, tradition, and passion- where family comes first.
Kötü Kedi Şerafettin=2016-02-05=Produced by Turkey's biggest animation studio, Anima Istanbul, The Bad Cat is an animated epic for young adults featuring the unforgettably bad cat, Shero and his foul mouthed gang in action. As animals inhabiting streets Shero and his friends are after what anyone else in their notoriously sleazy Istanbul neighborhood wants: debauchery with girls, food and the occasional drinking binge. This ordinary looking day will prove otherwise as their paths cross with humans, things get a little out of hand in hilarious, harsh and unexpected ways.  The Bad Cat is an animated 3D feature film that strikes into our heads the epitome of what a bad cat who's deprived of love and barbeque is capable of. The story involves a sleazy, sexed up cat Shero, discovers he is the father of a bastard son.
Vampire Journals=1997-02-25=A 19th century vampire stalks a more powerful vampire lord in his quest to gain revenge over the death of his mistress. In his search for the vampire lord in Eastern Europe he kills many of his servants and fellow vampires while cursing another to vampirism as well.
Sam Kinison: Family Entertainment Hour=1991-01-01=Get ready to scream with laughter! Sam Kinison's primal scream will echo down through the comedy hall of fame summing up so much of modernity's horror and stupidity. This concert was taped at the Wiltern Theatre where Sam was joined with the Randy Hansen Band and a salacious slew of sinuous sirens, including his wife Malika. Join Sam Kinison and guests for a concert guaranteed to make you laugh 'til you cry for more - there's something for every member of the family - Sam Kinison style!
Zlatovláska=1973-01-28=A princess was so beautiful and had such golden hair that she was known as Pretty Goldilocks. A neighboring king fell in love with her from her description, but much to the king's disappointment, she rejected his ambassador, saying she had no wish to be married...
The Yearling=1994-04-24=In 1870s Florida, a rural family struggles to survive. A lonely twelve-year-old son, Jody (Wil Horneff), the lone surviving child, against his mother's better judgment eventually persuades his parents to allow him a pet fawn, which Jody grows to love deeply. Tragic conflict arises when the fawn begins eating the family's food crops.
Woodlawn=2015-10-15=Love and unity in a school torn by racism and hate in the 1970s.
Planetarium=2016-11-16=Follows the journey of sisters who are believed to possess the supernatural ability to connect with ghosts. They cross paths with a visionary French producer while performing in Paris.
The Good Witch's Garden=2009-02-07=Middleton prepares for its bicentennial, and Grey House is to be the party venue. Good witch Cassie is remodeling it as B&amp;B. her first and only guest, Nick Chasen, claims to be a distant relative. He produces papers to prove he's the heir of the builder, colonial era captain Hamblin, while the Grey lady was his mistress and stole it. Police chief and lover Jake Russell goes all the way to motivate her to fight and disprove the claim before she's effectively disowned. Brandon is dared to pass a rascals-initiation by local brat Steve and Duke. George's gardening skills lead to romance.
天下無雙=2002-02-06=The Emperor (Chang Chen) is desperate for the free-spirited life of a wanderer, and tries to escape from the royal palace with his sister, the Princess (Faye Wong). He's caught and returned to his angry mother by the royal guards, but the Princess, disguised as a man, manages to escape. Meanwhile, King Bully (Tony Leung) has returned to his hometown, where he is widely despised for his bullying ways, to run a restaurant with his tomboy sister, Phoenix (Vicki Zhao). They have a very close relationship. In fact, King Bully mistakenly believes that he can read his sister's mind. When the Princess arrives in town, King Bully finds himself drawn to her, but, believing she's a man, decides that his attraction is some kind of empathy with Phoenix.
Skatetown, U.S.A.=1979-10-01=A street-gang leader challenges a handsome young skater in a championship contest at the local roller-disco rink.
Body and Soul=1925-11-09=A minister is malevolent and sinister behind his righteous facade. He consorts with, and later extorts from, the owner of a gambling house, and betrays an honest girl, eventually driving them both to ruin.
Evilspeak=1981-08-22=Bullied by classmates, a pudgy military-school student fights back by computer with the devil.
CrissCross=1992-05-08=Set in 1969, a twelve-year-old grows up in Key West with his mother, who is paying the bills by stripping at the local topless bar. The boy finds out about her activities and tries to convince her to stop, to no avail. A local restaurant owner hires him to collect fish from a boat out in the bay, and the boy discovers that the restaurant owner is using the fish to bring drugs in to shore. He steals one load and goes about selling it so his mother can afford to quit her job.
Niñas Mal=2007-03-09=A rebellious teen butts heads with the teachers at an all-girl charm school in Mexico City.
Escape from Crime=1942-07-25=An ex-con becomes a daredevil photojournalist.
Mighty Joe Young=1949-07-27="After being taken from his home in Africa, Gorilla ""Joe"" is an instant hit in a Hollywood nightclub. This fun and wonderfully entertaining slant on ""King Kong"" is much better than Kong's 1934 sequel, ""Son of Kong"". This all ages adventure has superb special effects from Willis O'Brien and his protege, Ray Harryhausen."
Billion Dollar Brain=1967-11-02=A former British spy stumbles into in a plot to overthrow Communism with the help of a supercomputer. But who is working for whom?
Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close=2011-12-24=A year after his father's death, Oskar, a troubled young boy, discovers a mysterious key he believes was left for him by his father and embarks on a scavenger hunt to find the matching lock.
John Tucker Must Die=2006-07-27=After discovering they are all dating the same same guy, three popular students from different cliques band together for revenge, so they enlist the help of a new gal in town and conspire to break the jerk's heart, while destroying his reputation.
Something Big=1971-11-19=Joe Baker has a dream. He wants to do 'something big.' When he needs a Gatling gun to accomplish this, he seeks out a black marketeer. The price he wants for the gun? A woman! So Baker kidnaps a woman off of the stagecoach, only to find that she is the wife of the commandant of the local Cavalry detachment. Things get further complicated when a girl named Dover McBride shows up. She has come to force Baker to marry her and return east, as he promised to do four years earlier
Waco: The Rules of Engagement=1997-09-19=In one of the most tragic face-offs in the history of law enforcement, the deadly debacle at Waco pitted the Branch Davidian sect against the FBI in an all-out war. This documentary makes the most of footage and recordings to examine how the events that led to the tragedy of April 19, 1993, unfolded, and how the FBI's unrelenting approach made what was already a bad situation much worse.
Contre-Enquête=2007-03-07=A cop investigates whether the man convicted of murdering his daughter is really guilty.
The Big Sleep=1978-03-13=The classic Raymond Chandler tale retold with Mitchum taking over the Bogart role.
A Summer Place=1959-11-18=A self-made businessman rekindles a romance with a former flame while their two teenage children begin a romance of their own with drastic consequences for both couples.
Vincent will Meer=2010-04-21=Vincent, a young man who suffers from Tourette's syndrome, has just lost his mother. His father, a successful politician, does not want to take care of him and therefore places him into a mental institution. He is put into a room with Alexander, a guy with a compulsive disorder, and is shown around by Marie, an anorectic girl.
Bride of Chucky=1998-10-16=Chucky hooks up with another murderous doll, the bridal gown-clad Tiffany, for a Route 66 murder spree with their unwitting hosts.
Who Killed Chea Vichea?=2010-01-01=WHO KILLED CHEA VICHEA? is a highly charged murder mystery, a political thriller, and a documentary like no other.  In 2004, Cambodian union president Chea Vichea was assassinated in broad daylight at a newsstand in Phnom Penh. As international pressure mounted, two men were swiftly arrested and convicted of the crime, each sentenced to twenty years in prison. Filmmaker Bradley Cox’s five-year investigation reveals an elaborate cover-up that reaches the highest echelons of Cambodian society.  Winner of a 2011 Peabody Award among many other honors and banned by the Cambodian government, WHO KILLED CHEA VICHEA? uncovers the face of dictatorship behind the mask of democracy.
Auf der Suche nach dem Gedächtnis=2008-08-20=A documentary biopic about Eric Kandel, Nobel Prize winner and one of the most important neural scientists of the 20th century.
Nina's Heavenly Delights=2006-09-28=A feisty young woman returns to Glasgow to run her deceased father's curry house.
La muerte viviente=1971-03-01=The inhabitants of a small, remote island have been practicing voodoo rites and worshipping an evil priest named Damballah for years, but the local law officials generally turn a blind eye to this death cult's bizarre activities. Captain Labesch arrives from the mainland, determined to crack down on the island's lawlessness and clean up the ineffectual, hard-drinking police force. He appeals for assistance from wealthy plantation tycoon Carl Van Molder, who owns nearly half of the island and wields a great deal of influence over the population. Van Molder has made the study of parapsychology his life's work and believes in the secret powers of the mind. He warns Labesch not to interfere with this forgotten island's ancient ways. Also visiting is Van Molder's niece, Annabella, a temperance crusader who wants her uncle to help fund the International Anti-Saloon League. She falls in love with handsome police lieutenant Andrew Wilhelm
Boynton Beach Club=2005-08-05=A handful of men and women of a certain age pick up the pieces of their lives and look for new love after the loss of their mates in this comedy drama from writer-director Susan Seidelman.
Kyokon Densetsu: Utsukushiki Nazo=1983-04-01=Shinohara, a young bodybuilder, joins a para-military sect in northern Japan.  His instructor, Takizawa, takes a liking to the new recruit.  After an early “special” training session the two develop a lasting and loving relationship. “Beautiful Mystery” was the first gay “adult” film to come out of Japan. Although tame by U.S. standards, it is ground–breaking nonetheless.
Pickup Alley=1957-08-13=A U.S. narcotics lead by agent Charles Sturgis (Mature) trails an international drug smuggler.
Cidade de Deus: 10 Anos Depois=2013-10-05=City of God – 10 Years Later investigates what happened to the actors who took part in the award-winning film directed by Fernando Meirelles and Katia Lund. This documentary shows what City of God’s worldwide success meant to their lives. Were the actors prepared for the film’s success? Did the social background of some of them prove stronger than the opportunity that came their way?
Class Act=1992-06-05=Duncan is a genius straight A student, Blade is juvenile delinquent. But because of a mix up with their school records, everyone thinks each is the other one. Now, Duncan kind of likes the attention from being thought of as a real bad dude, if only the school bully would stop trying to rough him up. And Blade definitely likes being thought of as important instead of as trouble.
Tender Mercies=1983-04-02=Alchoholic former country singer Mac Sledge makes friends with a young widow and her son. The friendship enables him to find inspiration to resume his career.
Momo alla conquista del tempo=2001-12-21="Momo is a shy and affectionate girl who has found new friends and a house in the middle of some ruins of an old amphitheater. But suddenly, a day, the ""Grey Men"" burst in the city in order to rob people's time. Momo try to stop them but doesn't know how."
Abzurdah=2015-06-04=A disenfranchised 16-year-old girl connects to an older man on the internet and after a brief one-sided affair descends into obsession and anorexia.
Beetle Queen Conquers Tokyo=2009-03-01=Untangling the web of cultural and historical ties underlying Japan's deep fascination with insects.
The Adventures of Mark Twain=1944-05-03=A dramatised life of Samuel Langhorn Clemens, or Mark Twain.
Un genio, due compari, un pollo=1975-12-16=Three rogues set out to rob $300,000 from an Indian-hating cavalry major.
Le Cerveau=1969-03-07=Arthur and Anatole are two little robbers. They want to rob money, money that will travel in a special train from Paris to Bruxelles. They don't know that other people have planned to do the same thing.
The Chase=1946-11-16=Chuck Scott gets a job as chauffeur to tough guy Eddie Roman; but Chuck's involvement with Eddie's fearful wife becomes a nightmare.
Adrift in Manhattan=2007-01-10=The lives of three lonely strangers intersect while commuting on New York's 1 and 9 subway lines.
A.R.O.G.=2008-12-03=Commander Logar fools Arif and sends him 1.000.000 years back in the time. He must civilize people from past to reach today.
The Unholy Wife=1957-06-24=A woman marries a man for his wealth, then concocts a plan to kill him, take his money, and run off with her lover. Things go wrong when they accidentally kill the wrong person.
Krach=2010-09-01=A hot young Wall Street trader finds a formula based on climatology to play the market and win big... but at what cost?
Are All Men Pedophiles?=2012-02-29=For the first time a documentary examines the global impact of pedophilia from a cultural and professional perspective. We live in a society that condemns pedophiles, though biological instinct and world cultures throughout history suggest that an attraction to adolescents is as natural as it is unavoidable. The fashion industry on the one hand sexualizes ever-younger girls while those who act on these instincts are reviled. The apparent hypocrisy at the heart of society forces the question: What do we mean when we talk about Pedophilia? The film explores the many dangers children face and exposes the systematic violation of children rights by societies, presenting the testimony of both victims and perpetrators. It also looks at how the pedophilia hysteria that has led to the mass incarceration adults and children. In conclusion, we are faced with both the contradiction of a society which sexualizes youth and the question: Are All Men Pedophiles?
Frank and Ollie=1995-10-20=Before computer graphics, special effects wizardry, and out-of-this world technology, the magic of animation flowed from the pencils of two of the greatest animators The Walt Disney Company ever produced -- Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston. Frank and Ollie, the talent behind BAMBI, PINOCCHIO, LADY AND THE TRAMP, THE JUNGLE BOOK, and others, set the standard for such modern-day hits as THE LION KING. It was their creative genius that helped make Disney synonymous with brilliant animation, magnificent music, and emotional storytelling. Take a journey with these extraordinary artists as they share secrets, insights, and the inspiration behind some of the greatest animated movies the world has ever known!
Battle for Brooklyn=2011-06-17=An intimate look at the very public and passionate fight waged by residents and business owners of Brooklyn’s historic Prospect Heights neighborhood facing condemnation of their property to make way for the polarizing Atlantic Yards project, a massive plan to build 16 skyscrapers and a basketball arena for the New Jersey Nets.
Babar: King of the Elephants=1999-04-28=Babar is a young elephant in the great forest. Whilst out with his mother a hunter kills his mother and he flees to escape the same fate. He eventually finds himself in a human city and experiences the many differences between city and forest life. Treated as an outsider he is taken in by an elderly woman, dressed in fancy suits, taught to write and count and is brought up in human culture.
Sumas y restas=2004-09-22=A look at the notorious Colombian Medellin cocaine cartel. Former coke addict has built a new life as contractor, but cannot shake off his past on drugs.
Sharknado 4: The 4th Awakens=2016-07-31=The new installment of the Sharknado franchise takes place 5 years after Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! There have been no Sharknados in the intervening years, but now they’re appearing again in unexpected ways.
FernGully: The Last Rainforest=1992-04-10=When a sprite named Crysta shrinks a human boy, Zak, down to her size, he vows to help the magical fairy folk stop a greedy logging company from destroying their home, the pristine rainforest known as FernGully. Zak and his new friends fight to defend FernGully from lumberjacks -- and the vengeful spirit they accidentally unleash after chopping down a magic tree.
劇場版「空の境界」第二章 殺人考察（前）=2007-12-29=August 1995: Mikiya first meets Shiki in a white kimono during a snowing day. Later on, at the high school freshmen ceremony, Mikiya sees Shiki in the crowd and chases after her, introducing himself to her. But Shiki hides a big secret: A wave of bizarre murders occur around many loose ends, and no suspects. there are still many questions: Who to believe? Who is the murderer? What is the secret of Shiki? and especially: Who is SHIKI?
Z=1969-02-26=Repression is the rule of the day in this film that skewers Greek governance of the 1960s. Z, a leftist rabble rouser, is killed in what appears to be a traffic accident. But given the political climate, the death of such a prominent activist raises troubling questions. Though it's too late to save Z's life, a postmortem examination suggests that the ruling party was behind his death. As the facts leak out, those who tell the truth pay the price for their honesty.
Kurt & Courtney=1998-02-27=After rocker Kurt Cobain's death, ruled a suicide, a film crew arrives in Seattle to make a documentary. Director Nick Broomfield talks to lots of people. Portraits emerge: a shy, slight Kurt, weary of touring, embarrassed by fame, hooked on heroin; an out-going Courtney, dramatic, controlling, moving from groupie to star.
The Island=1980-06-13=David Warner leads a band of modern day pirates who raid yachts and sail boats of people on vacation out in the Caribbean. Michael Caine is a reporter who goes out there with his son to investigate the mystery of the disappearing boats. He runs across Warner and his band of raiders and they decide to induct them into their tribe.
Dobbiamo parlare=2015-11-19=Vanni and Linda live in a penthouse apartment for rent in the center of Rome. Vanni writes novels, Linda 'cooperates' to his novels. Between a vernissage and an exhibition of Basquiat, thay hang out Alfredo and Constanza, a couple on the verge of a nervous breakdown. Alfredo is a surgeon with the habit of waking up early and has a lover, Constanza is a dermatologist with the same habits. With the intent to vent their frustrations in their friends' living room, Alfredo and Constanza take hostage the couple and recriminate loudly about the past and the present. In an impossible attempt to contain them, Vanni and Linda eventually take the field and also thrash each other. Someone will end up getting hurt by the end of the night.
How to Be a Player=1997-08-06=Dray is a young playboy whose only objective in life seems to be to have sex with as many girls as he can without getting caught by his girlfriend Lisa. Dray's sister Jenny and her friend Katrina plan to show him that the way he lives is wrong and organize a party in Malibu, inviting all of his girlfriends.
Cheaper by the Dozen 2=2005-12-21=Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt return as heads of the Baker family who, while on vacation, find themselves in competition with a rival family of eight children, headed by Eugene Levy,
スレイヤーズ=1995-08-05=The first Slayers movie is a prequel to the TV series, following the exploits of a couple of sorceresses with too much time on their hands and too many violent tendencies. The main mage is Lina Inverse, known for her fireballs, love of seafood, and small breasts. Actually, her breasts are normal unless you compare her to her traveling companion and sometimes rival, Naga, known for her earthquakes,
작업의 정석=2005-12-21="Min-Jun and Ji-Won are first-rate ""players"" who are dating gurus with 100% success rates in any dating pursuits. Following her usual systematic dating rules, Ji-Won fakes a car accident to capture Min-Jun's attention and successfully approaches him. However, her smooth-sailing dating life finally encounters turbulence. Min-Jun is also overwhelmed by the understanding that he has met his match."
Jailbait!=2000-04-16=It's not easy being the most popular couple in high school. Adam and Amber are the golden pair of Gaitlin High and are very busy being cool. Yet somehow Adam finds time for extracurricular activities, like making-it with Gynger, a sophomore, in the bathroom of a local restaurant. Soon, Adam's tidy world starts to fall apart when he finds out Gynger is pregnant. An ambitious Assistant District Attorney decides to file charges against Adam. Trying to help, Adam's parents hire a third-rate attorney whose every move just makes matters worse! Jailbait is a wickedly funny look at how far some guys will go to score. Can Adam find a way to keep himself out of jail and his girlfriend by his side? Watch this hysterical teen comedy featuring a cool cast of young stars and a hip soundtrack. See what happens when hormones rage and you're under age!!!
Johnny Kapahala - Back on Board=2007-06-08="Johnny Kapahala, a teen snowboarding champion from Vermont, returns to Oahu, Hawaii, for the wedding of his hero -- his grandfather, local surf legend Johnny Tsunami -- and to catch a few famous Kauai waves. When Johnny arrives, he meets his new family including ""Uncle Chris"" (the 12-year-old son of his new step-grandmother) who resents the upcoming marriage. Chris's only interest is to join a mountain boarding crew led by a teenage bully. When Johnny's grandfather and his new wife open a surf shop that also caters to mountain boarders, they are soon embroiled in a turf war with a rival shop owner who wants to shut their business down."
Duga mračna noć=2004-03-07="""Long Dark Night"" follows the life of the fictional character Iva Kolar: his experiences as a Croatian University student, his role as a Partisan fighting Hitler's troops during W.W. II, his involvement in his nation's post-war government, and his eventual downfall."
Visions of Suffering=2006-09-26=Demons cross the divide between the world of dreams and waking reality to capture a victim and drag him back to their nightmarish realm.
朗かに歩め=1930-03-01=Kenji is a small thief who likes drinking and fighting. When he falls in love with sweet and simple Yazue, and she finds out what kind of guy he really is, she leaves him 'until he becomes an honest person'. But it is not easy to get rid of one's past...
Casual Sex?=1988-04-22=Two girls go away to a holiday resort looking for a change of pace, hoping to meet some nice men for a change. They discover that they can't find the perfect man, and this forces them to reconsider their attitudes to men in general.
The Last Supper=1995-09-08=A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals succumb to the temptation of murdering rightwing pundits for their political beliefs.
Jeux interdits=1952-05-09=Orphaned after a Nazi air raid, Paulette, a young Parisian girl, runs into Michel, an older peasant boy, and the two quickly become close. Together, they try to make sense of the chaotic and crumbling world around them, attempting to cope with death as they create a burial ground for Paulette's deceased pet dog. Eventually, however, Paulette's stay with Michel's family is threatened by the harsh realities of wartime.
Hell's Highway=1932-09-23=A prison-camp convict learns that his younger brother will soon be joining him behind bars.
Bang Bang=1971-01-01="This endearingly crazy 1971 Brazilian film defies classification: its Portuguese title (Bangue bangue) refers to films we'd probably call ""shoot-'em-ups,"" director Andrea Tonacci called it a ""Maoist detective comedy,"" yet American audiences would probably consider it an experimental film. The anonymous urban protagonist experiences a series of absurd situations--including a crazy cab ride, an encounter with a wacky criminal gang, and lots of gunplay--but they're stripped of any story that might explain them and infused with a unique anarchic energy, eventually suggesting our true animal nature. As with Godard, it's partly an homage to genre filmmaking (there's singing and dancing, a little sex, and lots of violence), but what really powers the film is Tonacci's inventive camera."
Hellraiser=1987-09-11=Larry and his wife, Julia move into an old house and discover a hideous creature - the man's half-brother, who is also the woman's former lover - hiding upstairs. Having lost his earthly body to a trio of S&amp;M demons, the Cenobites, Frank, is brought back into existence by a drop of blood on the floor. He soon forces his former mistress to bring him his necessary human sacrifices to complete his body... but the Cenobites won't be happy about this.
Трето полувреме=2012-09-27=Spitz is the German-Jewish coach of the football team Macedonia during World War II. Under his leadership, the team fights to become the champion of Bulgaria's National Football League
To the Devil a Daughter=1976-03-04=An American occult novelist battles to save the soul of a young girl from a group of Satanists, led by an excommunicated priest, who plan on using her as the representative of the Devil on Earth.
Great Guns=1941-10-10=Laurel and Hardy join the army. They are hardly soldiers, but they believe their employer, (Dick Nelson) will need them now he's drafted.
Drzazgi=2008-01-01=Film ten ukazuje kilka dni z życia trojga młodych mieszkańców jednego ze śląskich miast. Marta planuje ślub, Robert żyje sobotnim meczem ukochanego klubu, a Bartek właśnie kończy studia. Ich życie jest uporządkowane i przewidywalne. Każdemu z bohaterów przydarzy się jednak coś, co każe mu poważnie się zastanowić nad dotychczasowym sposobem myślenia o sobie i swojej przyszłości.
Convergence=2015-01-01=Detective Ben Walls finds himself in a modern day Dante world, passing back and forth between the present and the future. Surrounded by the residents seeking redemption, Ben is left with the task to find a way out.
Accordion Player=1888-01-01=The last remaining film of Le Prince's LPCCP Type-1 MkII single-lens camera is a sequence of frames of his son, Adolphe Le Prince, playing a diatonic button accordion. It was recorded on the steps of the house of Joseph Whitley, Adolphe's grandfather.
Maria Bamford: Old Baby=2017-05-02=She's savagely upbeat. Lovably awkward. And full of surprises. A wildly funny trip through a one-of-a-kind comic mind.
Vision Quest=1985-02-15=High school wrestler Louden Swain is a man obsessed , trying to shed 23 pounds in a dangerously short time and take on Shute, the undefeated, tough-as-nails 168-pound champion who's the best wrestler in the state. Matthew Modine stars as the mop-headed student undeterred in his Vision Quest...until a day a sexy drifter threatens to pin Louden and his dreams to the mat of unrequited love.
Aurora=2011-03-11=An apartment kitchen: a man and a woman discuss Little Red Riding Hood, their voices hushed, mindful of waking the little girl sleeping next room. Waste land on the city outskirts: behind a line of abandoned trailers, the man silently watches what seems to be a family. The same city, the same man: driving through traffic with two hand-made firing pins for a hunting rifle. The man is 42 years old, his name - Viorel. Troubled by obscure thoughts, he drives across the city to a destination known only to him.
Romance & Cigarettes=2005-09-13=Down-and-dirty musical love story set in the world of the working class. Nick is an ironworker who builds and repairs bridges. He's married to Kitty, a dressmaker, a strong and gentle woman with whom he has three daughters. He is carrying on a torrid affair with a redheaded woman named Tula. Nick is basically a good, hardworking man driven forward by will and blinded by his urges.
Korkuyorum Anne & İnsan Nedir Ki?=2006-03-17=In an apartment building where neighbors, friends, and family are living in close quarters, three male protagonists encounter three phases of manhood in Turkish society. Directors Reha Erdem's light touch and slyly amusing style do not miss the opportunity to illuminate some serious points in a strictly patriarchal society.
La donna del lago=1965-07-01=When a visitor arrives in a small Italian village, he discovers that the residents are acting like soul-less zombies--and he begins to suspect that they may be under the influence of a mysterious local woman.
The Mend=2014-03-09=Mat and Alan, estranged brothers, reunite just before Alan leaves for a vacation with his girlfriend. When he returns sooner than expected without his girlfriend, Alan finds Mat and his family have moved into his apartment.
Chillers=1987-01-01=Five passengers in a bus depot are waiting for a bus that is overdue. To pass the time, they start telling each other horror stories.
Jekyll and Hyde ... Together Again=1982-11-10=Dr. Jekyll (Mark Blankfield) inhales white powder and becomes an obnoxious Southern Californian.
Life With Mikey=1993-06-04=Michael Chapman was once a child TV star. But when he grew up, he couldn't get work. So he and his brother, Ed start their own talent agency that specializes in child acts. They can't seem to find the next big thing and they have to deal with another agency who's not above bribery to get the kids to sign with them. One day Michael meets a girl named Angie and she's a real spitfire. Michael thinks she could be what they are looking for. Problem is that she has a big chip on her shoulder.
Camino a La Paz=2015-10-25=Sebastian is unemployed, finding pleasure only in his old Peugeot. He got married to his girlfriend Jazmin and having no income, he starts a job of a private ride service. One day, a regular customer, Jalil, an old Arab man suggests a long distance drive. During the ride from Buenos Aires of Argentina to La Paz of Bolivia, the two are in conflict with each other constantly. With a series of unexpected accidents, the journey brings a small but important change to both of their lives.
Don Camillo=1952-03-28="In a village of the Po valley where the earth is hard and life miserly, the priest and the communist mayor are always fighting to be the head of the community. If in secret, they admired and liked each other, politics still divided them as it is dividing the country. And when the mayor wants his ""People's House""; the priest wants his ""Garden City"" for the poor. Division exist between the richest and the poorest, the pious and the atheists and even between lovers. But if the people are hard as the country, they are good in the bottom of there heart."
Muffin Top: A Love Story=2014-10-18="""Muffin Top: A Love Story"" is the story of Suzanne (Cathryn Michon) a Women's Studies Pop Culture professor at Malibu University, who studies images of women in the media for a living, and yet is made insecure by the constant parade of female perfection that is our airbrushed culture. She has been going through IVF treatments to get pregnant by her network executive husband (Diedrich Bader), but discovers on her birthday, that her husband has knocked up his younger, skinnier, co-worker (Haylie Duff) and wants a divorce. Happy Birthday! She goes on to find a more authentic version of who she really is, despite the delights of being suddenly single in Los Angeles, where low self-esteem for women is our number one export to the world."
子連れ狼 地獄へ行くぞ!大五郎=1974-01-01=In the sixth and final film of the Lone Wolf and Cub series, the final conflict between Ogami Itto and the Yagyu clan is carried out.
Zombieworld=2015-02-24=There is nowhere to hide...nowhere to run...the Zombie Apocalypse has come, and our world now belongs to the dead! From Ireland, Canada, Australia, Europe and all over the U.S., the bone-chilling news reports tell the same gruesome tale - walking corpses terrorize and devour the living. Only a few desperate humans find the courage to stand and fight for their last chance at survival. But the hordes of undead keep coming, and there's only one thing on the menu - us.
Waar=2013-10-16=The efforts of the Pakistani security forces in their fight against terrorism and how the lives of security officials are affected. A retired security officer returns to save Pakistan from a major terrorist attack.
Stonewall=1995-10-01=A group of homosexual people try to live with dignity and self-respect while events build to the opening battle in the major gay rights movement.
The Wind=1928-09-15=Letty moves to West Texas from the East and it seems that the wind always blows and the sand gets everywhere. While living with relatives, she finds that she is not welcomed by the wife. With no where to go, she marries a man who disgusts her. Her new home is a small shack with the wind and the sand constant companions. When it is necessary for most of the men to go out into the sand storm, one stays back to have his way with Letty and that costs both of them. Written by Tony Fontana
Boo! A Madea Halloween=2016-10-21=Madea winds up in the middle of mayhem when she spends a hilarious, haunted Halloween fending off killers, paranormal poltergeists, ghosts, ghouls, and zombies while keeping a watchful eye on a group of misbehaving teens.
Keeping the Promise=1997-01-05=A colonial family seeks a better life in Maine's wilderness in this powerful adventure. When William Hallowell leaves behind 13-year-old son Matt to safeguard their claim, the boy relies on his new friendship with the Penobscot Indians for survival.
Still of the Night=1982-11-19=When one of his patients is found murdered, psychiatrist Dr. Sam Rice is visited by the investigating officer but refuses to give up any information. He's then visited by the patient's mistress, Brooke Reynolds, whom he quickly falls for despite her being a likely murder suspect. As the police pressure on him intensifies, Rice decides to attempt solving the case on his own and soon discovers that someone is trying to kill him as well.
Mother, May I Sleep with Danger?=2016-06-18=When theater major Leah, brings home the special someone in her life to meet her mom, Julie, the family is met with a surprise when Pearl comes to the door. Julie tries to embrace the idea of Leah’s new love interest, but she can’t shake the feeling that something is very wrong. Julie’s suspicions lead to a startling discovery about Pearl that puts Leah in serious danger. Will Julie be able to save her daughter from an eternity of heartache before it’s too late?
Gendernauts: A Journey Through Shifting Identities=1999-06-12=Monika Treut explores the worlds and thoughts of several female to male transgendered individuals. As with Treuts first film, Jungfrauenmaschine, Gendernauts, enters a minority sector of San Fransisco culture. The characters in this film have a lot to complain about, and they do. They are people whose physical appearance (female) does not match their inner sexual identity (male). The subject is pinpointed in the film independant of sexual orientation. Leave your conservative hats at the door, this is going to need your special attention.
L'Affaire SK1=2015-01-07=The hunt, capture and trial of Guy Georges, one of France's most notorious serial killer.
The Glass Menagerie=1950-09-28=An aging Southern Belle makes life horrible for her ambitious son and crippled daughter because of her dreams of what life should be.
We Need to Talk About Kevin=2011-09-28=The mother of a teenage sociopath who went on a high-school killing spree recalls her son's deranged behavior during childhood, as she deals with her grief.
Jack Frusciante è uscito dal gruppo=1996-01-01=Alex, a high-school boy fond of rock and punk music, falls in love with Adelaide, who shares his feelings but doesn't want to get too involved because she will soon leave for studying in America. Alex gets relief in music and his friend Martino who leads what looks to him as a more complete life.
I've Been Waiting for You=1998-03-22=When a California teen with an interest in the occult moves to a New England town, she finds that the town teens believe she is a witch sent to seek revenge on the descendants of the people who originally killed another witch a hundred years earlier. Things take a particularly deadly turn when they convince her to play a seer at a Halloween party where they will feed her information over an earphone about those who enter her tent, only she suddenly sees things beyond their knowledge or help.
Taxi 3=2003-01-29=A gang of thieves calling themselves the Santa Claus Gang are wreaking havoc, and the police can't keep up. Police Captain Gilbert is distracted by a Chinese reporter writing a story on his squad, and taxi driver Daniel is in the midst of a relationship crisis. After a string of mistakes in which the thieves outsmart the police time and time again, Daniel and his super-taxi pitch in.
La Once=2014-09-30=More than sixty years after leaving high school, former classmates Alicia, Gema, Angelica, Ximena and Maria Teresa are still devoted to their regular catch-ups in which they exchange gossip and reminiscences over elaborately presented afternoon teas. Impeccably turned out, the ladies’ free-wheeling tea-time chats run the gamut from mortality and marital infidelity to soccer and twerking.
Starring Adam West=2013-03-13=A documentary following the career ups and downs of television's Batman as his confidants fight to get him a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Donatella=1956-10-28=The family of Vittorio Missoni went ahead with the fashion house's planned runway show in Italy on Sunday night.
超级保镖=2016-07-15="Wu-Lin is the successor of an ancient, once powerful Chinese clan, the ""Iron Feet."" After the death of his master, Wu-Lin leaves his rural village for the City of Stone-Cold looking for his fellow apprentice Jiang Li. Along the way, he becomes the bodyguard of Fei-Fei, the daughter of Jia-Shan Li, the richest family in the city, and quickly gets drawn into a mob war in order to protect her."
The Man with One Red Shoe=1985-07-18=A man is mistaken as a spy by the CIA when he arrives at the airport with one red shoe.
Captain Apache=1971-10-27=An Indian discovers plans to assassinate the president when he was investigating another murder.
Scum=1979-09-12=This is the hard and shocking story of life in a British Borstal for young offenders. The brutal regime made no attempt to reform or improve the inmates and actively encouraged a power struggle between the 'tough' new inmate and the 'old hands'. The film was originally made as a BBC play but it was banned before ever being shown.
অযান্ত্রিক=1958-05-23=Bimal is a taxi-driver in a small provincial town. He lives alone, his taxi (an old 1920 Chevrolet jalopy which he named Jagaddal) is his only companion and, although very battered, it is the apple of Bimal's eye.
Black Mountain Poets=2016-04-01=Two professional con artist sisters go on the run and assume the identities of The Wilding Sisters, guest stars of a poetry retreat in the depths of the Black Mountains. A romantic comedy drama about love, crime, spirituality, and soul
Mes chères études=2010-01-18="Laura is a 19-year-old university freshman who desperately wants to do well in school. She works a part-time job but cannot make ends meet. One evening in which she is short of funds, she answers a personal ad online by ""Joe,"" 57, who seeks a female student for ""tender moments."" The pay is 100 euros per hour. Laura pledges to do this just once, and three days later, she goes to a hotel room with Joe. And then her spiral begins."
Vargtimmen=1968-01-01="An artist in crisis is haunted by nightmares from the past in Ingmar Bergman's only horror film, which takes place on a windy island. During ""the hour of the wolf"" - between midnight and dawn - he tells his wife about his most painful memories."
Araya=1959-08-31="""Araya"" is an old natural salt mine located in a peninsula in northeastern Venezuela which was still, by 1959, being exploited manually five hundred years after its discovery by the Spanish. Margot Benacerraf captures in images, the life of the ""salineros"" and their archaic methods of work before their definite disappearance with the arrival of the industrial exploitation."
The Naked Jungle=1954-03-03=The Leiningen South American cocoa plantation is threatened by a 2-mile-wide, 20-mile-long column of army ants.
지옥화=1958-04-19=A country bumpkin goes to Seoul in order to bring his older brother back to the country. Little does he know Young-shik is a petty crook involved with a prostitute called Sonia who is servicing American GIs. Then Sonia comes onto Dong-shik...
Cocaine: One Man's Seduction=1983-08-08=A 47 year old real estate salesman gets trapped in the insidious web of cocaine addiction.
Koch Brothers Exposed=2012-03-07=Koch Brothers Exposed is a hard-hitting investigation of the 1% at its very worst. This full-length documentary film on Charles and David Koch—two of the world’s richest and most powerful men—is the latest from acclaimed director Robert Greenwald (Wal-Mart: the High Cost of Low Price, Outfoxed, Rethink Afghanistan). The billionaire brothers bankroll a vast network of organizations that work to undermine the interests of the 99% on issues ranging from Social Security to the environment to civil rights. This film uncovers the Kochs’ corruption—and points the way to how Americans can reclaim their democracy.
Nine Lives=2016-08-03=A stuffy businessman finds himself trapped inside the body of his family's cat.
Moulin Rouge=1952-12-23=Fictional account of French artist Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec.
Bedtime for Bonzo=1951-04-05=College prof Peter Boyd tries to salvage his professional and personal reputation by using a lab chimp to prove that environment trumps heredity in behavioral development.
Zyzzyx Road=2006-02-25=A married man (Leo Grillo) meets a beautiful woman (Katherine Heigl) in a Las Vegas casino and allows her to seduce him. When her jealous boyfriend (Tom Sizemore) finds them together, a scuffle results in the boyfriend's death. The lovers head to the desert to bury the corpse, but it disappears.
Lights of New York=1928-07-18=Eddie is conned into fronting a speakeasy for a local gangster who intends to framed him for the murder of a cop.
Kalo Pothi=2015-12-09=We are in the year 2001, a temporary ceasefire brings a much-needed break to a small war-torn village in Northern Nepal, bringing much joy among the residents. Prakash and Kiran, two young close friends, are also starting to feel the change in the air. Though they are divided by caste and social creed, they remain inseparable, and start raising a hen given to Prakash by his sister, with hopes to save money by selling her eggs. However, the hen goes missing. To find it, they embark on a journey, innocently unaware of the tyranny brought by the fragile ceasefire.
Huacho=2009-05-14=A Chilean family deals with the new values in a quickly changing world.
Jimi Hendrix: Voodoo Child=2010-09-18="Seattle, WA EMP brings viewers inside the ground-breaking story of one man, his music and the world that embraced him with the two-hour documentary special ""Jimi Hendrix Voodoo Child,"""
Without a Paddle: Nature's Calling=2009-01-13="Venturing into the woods causes nothing but trouble and hilarity for three misguided males in this straight to video spin-off of 2004's ""Without A Paddle""."
Amorosa=1986-03-14=This well-executed biographical docudrama is a plunge into the madness (and the sanity) of a writer living life on its rawest edges. Agnes Von Krusenstjarna (Stina Ekbland) was a Swedish novelist (1894-1940) whose works ranged from the idyllically romantic to crushingly sardonic, sexually explicit autobiography. Von Krusenstjarna teamed up with the eccentric bisexual David Sprengel (Erland Josephson) and continued to suffer bouts of mental instability that Sprengel felt were best cured by sexual abandon. Von Krusenstjarna was not a model of emotional health when she first met Sprengel. She had inherited madness from her family while at the same time passionately rebelled against the narrow-minded mores of her genteel but poor parents. With his own wildly unorthodox behavior, Sprengel both helped and hindered Von Krusenstjarna throughout their turbulent relationship.
Re dai yu=1995-08-01=Young boy, Ah-Jiang, a school failure and day dreamer witnesses the kidnapping of a child. After being taken hostage by a corrupt family, he begins an unusual adventure away from home.
Tiger in the Smoke=1956-11-27=Having been sent a picture of her husband, a war hero killed in France, Meg Elgin is led to believe he is still alive and arranges a meeting at a London railway station. When she arrives there with the police accompanying her, she catches sight of a man in the distance wearing an old coat of her husband's. When he is pursued and captured, he turns out to be Duds Morrison a former soldier and out-of-work actor recently let out of prison. He refuses to tell them anything, and having nothing they can charge him with, the police release him. His interest aroused by the pictures sent to Meg, her new fiancé Geoffrey Leavitt follows Morrison and tries to demand an answer from him about his sudden appearance masquerading as Meg’s dead husband.
Ile wazy kon trojanski?=2008-12-26=At 40, Zosia (Ilona Ostrowska) has a happy second marriage, a well-adjusted daughter, a good career, and a comfortable home in Warsaw. But as she and her family usher in the year 2000, she wishes some things in her youth had happened differently, and she's magically transported back to 1987, when she was still married to her womanizing first husband, Darek (Robert Więckiewicz) and lived in the People's Republic of Poland.
Wing and a Prayer=1944-01-01=An aircraft carrier is sent on a decoy mission around the Pacific, with orders to avoid combat, thus lulling Japanese alertness before the battle of Midway.
The Love Nest=1923-03-01=In an attempt to forget his lost sweetheart, Buster takes a long trip at the sea when he's caught by pirates.
The Gymnast=2006-04-11=The stunning Dreya Weber stars as a former top gymnast who discovers love and a new life path when she teams up with a dancer (played by former L.A. Lakers cheerleader Addie Yungmee) for an ambitious Las Vegas aerial act show.
Brenda Starr=1989-05-15=Mike is a struggling artist who draws the 'Brenda Starr' strip for the papers. When Brenda comes to life in the strip and sees how unappreciated she is by Mike, she leaves the strip. To get her back, and keep his job, Mike draws himself into the strip. In her world, Brenda Starr is the Ace Reporter for the New York Flash. She is talented, fearless, smart and a very snappy dresser. The only competition she has is from the rival paper's top reporter Libby Lipscomb. Brenda heads to the Amazon jungle to find a scientist with a secret formula which will create cheap and powerful gas from ordinary water. (This movie was filmed in 1986 but release was delayed for several years.)
You Can't Kill Stephen King=2012-04-14=Siblings Monroe (Monroe Mann) and Hilary (Crystal Arnette) have discovered that they have inherited a lake house and to make things even better, the famous horror author Stephen King is rumoured to live somewhere nearby. They decide to take their friends down to the lake house to check things out, only to find immediate resistance from all of the locals, who insist that King doesn't live in the area. Despite being completely unwelcome, they decide to stay and soon find that people are being killed one by one in a manner similar to several deaths in various Stephen King stories.
Seishun zankoku monogatari=1960-06-03=A budding gangster enthralls a freeloading young woman, soon taking advantage of her knack for hitch-hiking to rob middle-class, middle-aged men.
Sexy Baby=2012-04-20=Sexy Baby is the first documentary film to put faces to a seismic cultural shift: the cyber age is creating a new sexual landscape. While doing research for the film, we had intimate and candid conversations with kids in middle school classrooms, suburban shopping malls, nightclubs, college dorms, and even conducted an informal roundtable during a high school house party. While chronicling trends among small town and big city kids, we discovered this: Having pubic hair is considered unattractive and “gross.” Most youngsters know someone who has emailed or texted a naked photo of themselves. Many kids have accidentally or intentionally had their first introduction to sex be via hardcore online porn. Facebook has created an arena where kids compete to be “liked” and constantly worry about what image to portray – much of what was once private is now made public. And the list goes on.
The New Daughter=2009-12-18=John James is a writer; his wife has left him. He moves with his two middle-school children to an isolated house off a dirt road in South Carolina. The property has an Indian burial mound, which fascinates his daughter, Louisa, who's entering puberty.
Tini: El gran cambio de Violetta=2016-05-04=Shot in Spanish and localized for markets around the world, “Tini – El Gran Cambio de Violetta” is set to thrill fans with everything they loved about the worldwide Violetta phenomenon including strong musical elements with new and original tracks, exciting choreography, compelling storylines, and intriguing characters. All made bigger and better for the big screen.  The film shows how taking the role in the TV series was a pivotal moment for Tini leading to a personal ‘coming of age story’ about the young actress. In a story that reflects the teen star’s own real life, Tini will leave behind the world depicted in Violetta, striking out alone and embarking on a brand new adventure over one endless summer that will define her as a person and see her emerge as a new artist.
5ive Days to Midnight=2004-01-01=A physicist discovers a briefcase containing postdated documents and evidence which indicate he will die five days in the future.
El barrendero=1982-05-05=A cheerful sweeper collects garbage dancing, and the maids of the neighborhood get jealous because he invites another woman out.
Le Pari=1997-10-15="Two rival ""brothers-in-law"" make a bet that they can stop smoking for 2 weeks. But, it's just not that easy..."
Don't Go Near the Water=1957-12-14=Madison Avenue-trained Navy men (Glenn Ford, Fred Clark) handle public relations on a South Pacific island during World War II.
Holy Rollers=2010-05-21=Inspired by actual events in the late nineties when Hasidic Jews were recruited as mules to smuggle ecstasy from Europe into the United States.
Walled In=2009-02-20=Having finally secured her first assignment from her family's demolition business, Sam Walczak (Mischa Barton) is sent to supervise the destruction of an apartment house, only to discover a group of tenants still living in the condemned building. One such tenant, Jimmy (Cameron Bright), tells Sam an urban legend about a serial murderer who used to live in the building and entomb his victims in the walls. What's worse, the dead are believed to still harass the residents to this day.
Carpet Racers=2009-01-01=Documentary - The feature length documentary film Carpet Racers: A Crash Course explores a year long journey into the subculture of grown men and women that make a living, or try to, racing radio control cars professionally. -  Jay Thames
Zinda Laash=1967-07-07=A rendition of the Dracula tale with many similarities to the British 1950s Dracula.
The Love Guru=2008-06-20=Born in America and raised in an Indian ashram, Pitka returns to his native land to seek his fortune as a spiritualist and self-help expert. His skills are put to the test when he must get a brokenhearted hockey player's marriage back on track in time for the man to help his team win the Stanley Cup.
A Light Beneath Their Feet=2016-05-06=A high school senior must choose between enrolling at the college of her dreams and remaining at home to take care of her bipolar mother.
Naked in New York=1993-11-10=Naked in New York begins in the car of grown up Jake, he is talking to us about his girlfriend, Joanne, (watch for the facial expressions) and to whom you can turn to for help while facing life ('your parents, nyaa, I don't think so'). From there it flashes back to his memories of his parents, college, house across from a squirrel infested peanut factory, best friend, writing career and Joanne.
The Mighty Macs=2009-10-21=In the early 70s, Cathy Rush becomes the head basketball coach at a tiny, all-girls Catholic college. Though her team has no gym and no uniforms -- and the school itself is in danger of being sold -- Coach Rush looks to steer her girls to their first national championship.
O Riso Dos Outros=2012-01-12=There are limits to jokes? What is the politically incorrect humor? A joke has the power to offend? It is these issues that 'Laughter of Others' discusses interviewing personalities such as comedians Danilo Gentili and Rafinha Bastos, cartoonist Laerte and Congressman Jean Wyllys, among others. The documentary delves into the world of Stand Up Comedy to discuss the fine line between comedy and offense, between legal and what creates endless lawsuits.
Ben=1972-06-23=A lonely boy becomes good friends with Ben, a rat. This rat is also the leader of a pack of vicious killer rats, killing lots of people.
Dwayne Perkins: Take Note=2016-07-01=Dwayne Perkins' standup special.
In Search of Mozart=2006-01-04=Made to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Mozart's birth, IN SEARCH OF MOZART is the first feature-length documentary on Mozart's life. Produced with the world's leading orchestras and musicians, told through a 25,000 mile journey along every route Mozart followed, this detective story takes us to the heart of genius. Throughout, it is the music that takes center stage, with the jigsaw of Mozart's life fitting around it. With rigorous analysis from musicologists and experts such as Jonathan Miller, Cliff Eisen, Nicholas Till, Bayan Northcott and the late Stanley Sadie, a new, vivid impression of the composer emerges. It dispels the many common myths about Mozart's genius, health, relationships, death and character, to present a new image, very different from Milos Forman's 'Amadeus'.
What Richard Did=2012-09-09=What Richard Did is a striking portrait of the fall of a Dublin golden-boy and high school rugby star whose world unravels one summer night.
Problem Child 2=1991-07-03=Junior and his father, Ben, move from Cold River to Mortville. Junior becomes threatened by Ben's desire to date again and find a new mother for Junior, and sabotages each of his dates.
Une tête disparaît=2016-01-01=Jacqueline has lost her mind a bit, but whatever, for her trip to the seaside, she has decided to take the train by herself, like a big girl!
Così fan tutte=1992-02-21=Diana is a Roman wife happily married to sympathetic Paolo but she is keen on playing benign games of seduction with other men while resisting the advances of chic lingerie shop owner Silvio. She narrates her adventures to Paolo in order to stimulate their otherwise monotonous sexual life. However, under the influence of her lesbian friend Antonietta and raunchy sister Nadia, Diana starts to move the ongoings further while Paolo is still prone to believing that events narrated by her are merely fantasies.
Return of the Atom=2015-09-11=A portrait of a small-town that is the unlikely site of a 'renaissance' of 'safe' nuclear energy started in 2004, a project that soon spiraled out of control.
Death Sentence=1974-10-02=A juror on a murder case begins to believe that the man on trial is innocent of the crime - and then discovers that the real killer is her own husband.
L'oeuvre au noir=1988-05-13=In the sixteenth century, Spain occupies Flanders, an Inquisition enforces the faith. Aging writer and philosopher, Zénon Ligre, comes to Bruges using a false name and papers to serve as a physician to the poor, establishing a clinic and steam bath. His methods and opinions are outside the mainstream, but he has the protection and friendship of the local Prior. Zénon, an aristocrat with a degree in canon law, lives humbly. He learns of bacchanals under Masonic signs involving monks and women, and he warns those involved. The Prior is dying, and he urges Zénon to flee to England. Zénon burns his writing. Will he leave or will he face ecclesiastical accusers and, perhaps, the stake?
A History of Violence=2005-09-23=An average family is thrust into the spotlight after the father commits a seemingly self-defense murder at his diner.
The Adventure of Faustus Bidgood=1986-01-02=Faustus is a clerk in the St. Johns, Newfoundland department of education. He dreams of becoming ruler of Newfoundland and staging a secession from Canada. Back in the real world, Faustus' boss Robert Joy plans to indoctrinate the citizenry of Newfoundland with a cultish geometric theory known as Total Education, but Joy may be foiled at any minute by the revelation of his earlier career as a flamenco dancer.
Dood van een Schaduw=2012-06-04=Soldier Nathan died during World War I. A strange collector imprisoned his shadow and gave him a new chance: a second life against 10000 captured shadows. It is love that guides him, as his purpose is to meet Sarah again, the woman he fell in love with before he died. But then he discovers that she's already in love with someone else, jealousy clouds his mind and pushes him towards a bitter decision, not without consequences.
Stormy Weather=2003-09-07="The psychiatry department of a young doctor Cora has just admitted a young lady who refuses to speak and whose identity remains unknown. Cora becomes fond of her patient and establishes a relationship which goes beyond the usual course of treatment. She feels a kind of ""call"" from this woman as a strange and strong tie grows between them. One day, Cora learns that the identity of her patient has been discovered. Her name is Loa, she is a stranger, she has been sent back home…to Iceland. Cora, who had no idea of this woman's life outside their relationship, is deeply moved : she decides to meet up with her in order to finish the treatment."
Listening=2015-09-11=For years, we have tried to harness the power of the human mind… and failed. Now, one breakthrough will change everything. Beyond technology. Beyond humanity. Beyond control. David, Ryan, and Jordan hope the telepathy invention will solve all their problems, but the bleeding-edge technology opens a Pandora’s box of new dangers, as the team discovers that when they open their minds, there is nowhere to hide their thoughts.
Duże zwierzę=2000-08-25=Left behind by a circus, a camel wanders to the house of a simple middle-aged couple in a Polish village. Although the wife is initially bewildered by the strange and unexpected animal, her husband immediately adopts it as a pet.
La signora senza camelie=1953-02-27=A new starlet is discovered and has ups and downs in Italian films.
องค์บาก 3=2010-05-05=Ong Bak 3 picks up where Ong Bak 2 had left off. Tien is captured and almost beaten to death before he is saved and brought back to the Kana Khone villagers. There he is taught meditation and how to deal with his Karma, but very soon his arch rival returns challenging Tien for a final duel.
Ritornano quelli della calibro 38=1977-01-01=A man gets caught up in a criminal organization and finds that once in, you can't get out.
Stone=2010-10-07=Parole officer Jack Mabry has only a few weeks left before retirement and wishes to finish out the cases he's been assigned. One such case is that of Gerald 'Stone' Creeson, a convicted arsonist who is up for parole. Jack is initially reluctant to indulge Stone in the coarse banter he wishes to pursue and feels little sympathy for the prisoner's pleads for an early release. Seeing little hope in convincing Jack himself, Stone arranges for his wife to seduce the officer, but motives and intentions steadily blur amidst the passions and buried secrets of the corrupted players in this deadly game of deception.
I Heart Huckabees=2004-09-10=A husband-and-wife team play detective, but not in the traditional sense. Instead, the happy duo helps others solve their existential issues, the kind that keep you up at night, wondering what it all means.
Killing Kennedy=2013-11-10="Drama documentary based on Bill O'Reilly's and Martin Dugard's 2012 non-fiction book ""Killing Kennedy: The End of Camelot"". It follows the parallel lives of John F. Kennedy and Lee Harvey Oswald from the winter 1959-1960 to those fatal days in Dallas in November 1963, when they both died within two days after each other and were buried on the same day - John F. Kennedy in a state funeral in Washington D.C., broadcast live both to Europe and the Pacific, while Oswald was buried in Forth Worth at a small funeral where the attending reporters were asked to act as pallbearers."
Xích lô=1995-01-01=Follows a young cyclo (bicycle cab) driver on his poverty-driven descent into criminality in modern-day Ho Chi Minh City. The boy's struggles to scratch out a living for his two sisters and grandfather in the mean streets of the city lead to petty crime on behalf of a mysterious Madame from whom he rents his cyclo.
My Week with Marilyn=2011-10-17=Sir Laurence Olivier is making a movie in London. Young Colin Clark, an eager film student, wants to be involved and he navigates himself a job on the set. When film star Marilyn Monroe arrives for the start of shooting, all of London is excited to see the blonde bombshell, while Olivier is struggling to meet her many demands and acting ineptness, and Colin is intrigued by her. Colin's intrigue is met when Marilyn invites him into her inner world where she struggles with her fame, her beauty and her desire to be a great actress.
Rising from Ashes=2013-08-02=“Rising from Ashes” is a feature length documentary about the ﬁrst Rwandan National Cycling Team and their six year journey to the Olympic games in London. It's not about the bike. It's about second chances, how our past doesn't have to deﬁne our future, and the impossible triumph of the human spirit over one of the world's most devastating genocides.
La Notte di San Lorenzo=1982-09-16=The Night of San Lorenzo, the night of the shooting stars, is the night when dreams come true in Italian folklore. In 1944, a group of Italians flee their town after hearing rumours that the Nazis plan to blow it up and that the Americans are about to arrive to liberate them.
The Hot Flashes=2013-07-12=An unlikely basketball team of unappreciated middle-aged Texas women, all former high school champs, challenge the current high school girls’ state champs to raise money for breast cancer prevention. Sparks fly as the women go to comic extremes to prove themselves on and off the court, become a national media sensation, and gain a new lease on life.
Nature Calls=2012-11-09=Polar-opposite brothers Randy and Kirk never saw eye-to-eye, but their rivalry is taken to a new level when Randy hijacks Kirk's son's sleepover, taking the boys on a Scout Trip to remember.
Longhorns=2011-06-25=A sexually active Texas college guy begins to reevaluate his practice of mutual masturbation with straight buddies after he meets an unapologetically gay fellow student.
Meant To Be=2010-04-24=A delightful romantic comedy about about a guardian angel who falls for the young woman he is protecting.
Zeit der Kannibalen=2014-02-10=Öllers and Niederländer have everything under control. For the past six years, the two successful business consultants have been traveling through some of the seediest countries around the world in order to satisfy their clients greed. They have achieved almost everything, but there is one career move left: to finally become a partner in the company! When they find out that their team colleague Hellinger made the cut, they are at their wits end. Up or Out is the name of the game. The fact that Hellinger falls from an office window for no explainable reason doesnt seem to help the situation. Of all people, the young and ambitious Bianca steps in for Hellinger. Öllers and Niederländer are irritated, sarcasm spreads, neuroses break out. The fight for survival within the company takes its toll the AGE OF CANNIBALS dawns.
The Creeping Flesh=1973-02-12=A scientist comes to believe that evil is a disease of the blood and that the flesh of a skeleton he has brought back from New Guinea contains it in a pure form. Convinced that his wife, a Folies Bergere dancer who went insane, manifested this evil he is terrified that it will be passed on to their daughter. He tries to use the skeleton's blood to immunise her against this eventuality, but his attempt has anything but the desired result.
Rakudai Wa Shitakeredo=1930-04-11=Takahashi finds a creative way to avoid doing his revision in this roguish comedy reminiscent of  Harold Lloyd’s The Freshman.
And Starring Pancho Villa as Himself=2003-09-07=In 1914, the Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa (Antonio Banderas) invites studios to shoot his actual battles against Porfírio Diaz army to raise funds for financing guns and ammunition. The Mutual Film Corporation, through producer D.W. Griffith (Colm Feore), interests for the proposition and sends the filmmaker Frank Thayer (Eion Bailey) to negotiate a contract with Pancho Villa himself.
Stars 80=2012-10-24=Die-hard fans of the 1980s, Vincent and Antoine run a company that supplies doubles of faded stars throughout the whole of France. What starts out as a promising business venture ends up as a calamity when Vincent and Antoine have over forty engagements booked but no one to attend them. They then have a brainwave. Why not get in touch with the real stars of the 1980s and persuade them to make a comeback? Why make do with an imitation when you can have the real McCoy?
Un long dimanche de fiançailles=2004-10-26="In 1919, Mathilde was 19 years old. Two years earlier, her fiancé Manech left for the front at the Somme. Like millions of others he was ""killed on the field of battle."" It's written in black and white on the official notice. But Mathilde refuses to believe it. If Manech had died, she would know. She hangs on to her intuition as tightly as she would onto the last thread of hope linking her to her lover. A former sergeant tells her in vain that Manech died in the no man's land of a trench named Bingo Crepescule, in the company of four other men condemned to die for self-inflicted wounds. Her path ahead is full of obstacles but Mathilde is not frightened. Anything is possible to someone who is willing to challenge fate..."
Kollegiet=2007-08-10=Wanting to start a fresh, Katrine moves from the province into a dormitory in Copenhagen and enrolls at the University. But when she crosses conniving Sanne by getting together with Sanne's ex, all hell breaks loose. Sanne and her friends frighten Katrine with an old myth surrounding the ghost of a former resident. Yet the myth very soon becomes reality.
Der Tunnel=1933-10-26=The engineer MacAllan designs a tunnel, which will join America and Europe together on the seabed.  A group of American billionaires are financing the gigantic project, but the construction of the tunnel is proving to be as tedious as it is dangerous.  MacAllan's worst enemy is the speculator Woolf, who had embezzled the money for the construction and who is attempting to cover up his crime by carrying out acts of sabotage.
The Idle Class=1921-09-25=A tramp sneaks into a upper class golf resort. The tramp meets a rich woman who is having an argument with her drunken husband. Complications arise when she mistakes the tramp for her husband.
Big City Blues=1932-09-18=An Indiana boy (Eric Linden) lives it up with his girlfriend (Joan Blondell) in New York until someone gets killed.
The Magic of Belle Isle=2012-07-06=In an effort to tap into his original talent, a wheelchair-bound author moves to a rural town, where he befriends a single mother and her three kids, who help reignite his passion for writing.
Wish I Was Here=2014-01-18=Aidan Bloom, a struggling actor, father and husband, is 35 years old and still trying to find a purpose for his life. He and his wife are barely getting by financially and Aidan passes his time by fantasizing about being the great futuristic Space-Knight he'd always dreamed he'd be as a little kid. When his ailing father can no longer afford to pay for private school for his two kids and the only available public school is on its last legs, Aidan reluctantly agrees to attempt to home-school them. Through teaching them about life his way, Aidan gradually discovers some of the parts of himself he couldn't find.
The Seven Year Hitch=2012-10-13=Jennifer and Kevin are childhood best friends who have lived together, platonically, as adults for many years. When Jennifer decides to marry her cheating, manipulative boyfriend, Bryce Kevin has to stop the wedding to protect her from making, what he believes is, a terrible mistake. With a little help from his brother and neighbor Kevin discovers that he and Jennifer are already legally married due to common law, having lived together for seven years and, as such, Jennifer can not marry Bryce.
Growing Up Smith=2017-02-03="In 1979, an Indian family moves to America with hopes of living the American Dream. While their 10-year-old boy Smith falls head-over-heels for the girl next door, his desire to become a ""good old boy"" propels him further away from his family's ideals than ever before."
Proof=2005-09-05=Catherine is a woman in her late twenties who is strongly devoted to her father, Robert, a brilliant and well-known mathematician whose grip on reality is beginning to slip away. As Robert descends into madness, Catherine begins to wonder if she may have inherited her father’s mental illness along with his mathematical genius. When Robert’s work reveals a mathematical proof of potentially historic proportions, it sets off shock waves in more ways than one.
William S. Burroughs: A Man Within=2010-11-05=William S. Burroughs: A Man Within is a well-crafted, brand new documentary which attempts to open up the legendary figure and see what made him tick. Showing at the 54th BFI London Film Festival, Yony Leyser’s film is a riveting and emotional journey into the world of a man many considered as cold as an iceberg on a winter night.
Ekipazh=1979-05-19=Story of the lives of three Soviet pilots who are united by disaster in a small town in the mountains.
Track of the Moon Beast=1976-01-01="Professor ""Johnny Longbow"" Salina, a man who really knows his stews, introduces Paul Carlson to the practical-joking Kathy Nolan. Paul and Kathy seem to hit it off rather well but, during a meteor storm, a meteorite fragment strikes Paul, burying itself deep in his skull, which has the unpleasant side-effect of causing Paul to mutate into a giant reptilian monster at night and go on murderous rampages. It turns out that this sort of thing has happened before, when Professor Salina rediscovers ancient Native American paintings detailing a similar event many centuries ago. Kathy, however, still loves Paul, and tries to save him."
Chichi Ariki=1942-04-01=Shuhei Horikawa, a poor schoolteacher, struggles to raise his son Ryohei by himself, despite neither money nor prospects.
My American Cousin=1985-09-05=My American Cousin is a Canadian drama film, released in 1985. Written and directed by Sandy Wilson based on her own childhood, the film stars Margaret Langrick as Sandy Wilcox, a pre-teen girl growing up on a ranch in rural Penticton, British Columbia in the late 1950s. Sandy's longing to be treated as an adult is roused even further when her older American cousin Butch Walker (John Wildman) comes for a visit. The cast also includes Richard Donat, Jane Mortifee, Babz Chula and Camille Henderson.
Lady Death=2004-10-05=The movie begins in 15th century Sweden, where Hope, the beautiful daughter of Matthias, a skilled mercenary who is in actuality a demon, is accused of being the devil's consort. Sentenced by the town priest to be burned at the stake, Matthias, through his proxy, the jester Pagan, offers her life if she surrenders herself to him and join him in Hell.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones=2013-08-21=In New York City, Clary Fray, a seemingly ordinary teenager, learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters — half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother disappears, Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld, an alternate realm filled with demons, vampires, and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future.
Les Garçons et Guillaume, à Table !=2013-11-20=How to become a man when your mother and your closed circle have decided otherwise? This is the challenge Guillaume took up. The film recounts Guillaume's tragicomic battle from the young age of eight, as he adopts the role of a girl then of a homosexual... until, aged 30, he meets the woman who, after his mother, will become the other woman in his life. Beyond this story of a heterosexual coming-out, the film tells the tale of an actor who never stopped loving women, maybe even a little too much.
Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year=2009-12-11=Rocket Singh - Salesman of the Year is the sometimes thoughtless, sometimes thoughtful story of a fresh graduate trying to find a balance between the maddening demands of the 'professional' way, and the way of his heart - and stumbling upon a crazy way which turned his world upside down, and his career right side up. Welcome to the world of sales boss!
The War You Don't See=2010-12-14=This film investigates how the media has reported war, from the First World War to the present day.
Bridget Jones's Baby=2016-09-14=Breaking up with Mark Darcy leaves Bridget Jones over 40 and single again. Feeling that she has everything under control, Jones decides to focus on her career as a top news producer. Suddenly, her love life comes back from the dead when she meets a dashing and handsome American named Jack. Things couldn't be better, until Bridget discovers that she is pregnant. Now, the befuddled mom-to-be must figure out if the proud papa is Mark or Jack.
La casa del fin de los tiempos=2013-06-21=The House at the End of Time is the first Venezuelan thriller suspense and terror. It tells the story of Dulce (Ruddy Rodriguez) a mother who has encounters with apparitions inside her old house, where she must decipher a mystery that could trigger a prophecy: the death of her family.
Winning London=2001-03-27=When Chloe and Riley Lawrence are invited to London to participate in the international Model U.N. competition, they enjoy seeing the sights and head over heals romance with cute british boys of course.
Wet Hot American Summer=2001-07-27=The setting is Camp Firewood, the year 1981. It's the last day before everyone goes back to the real world, but there's still a summer's worth of unfinished business to resolve. At the center of the action is camp director Beth, who struggles to keep order while she falls in love with the local astrophysics professor. He is busy trying to save the camp from a deadly piece of NASA's Skylab which is hurtling toward earth. All that, plus: a dangerous waterfall rescue, love triangles, misfits, cool kids, and talking vegetable cans. The questions will all be resolved, of course, at the big talent show at the end of the day.
A Zed & Two Noughts=1985-10-04=Oliver Deuce, a successful doctor, is shattered when his wife is killed in a freak car accident involving a car being driven by Alba Bewick colliding with a very large rare bird. His twin brother Oswald is researching how carcasses decay at the local zoo. Alba survives the accident although she loses one leg, and her sinister physician eventually removes the other 'because it looked so sad all alone'. Oswald and Oliver become involved in a menage a trois with Alba, and uncover very dubious trafficking in zoo property. But ultimately their only goal is to try and understand their mortal condition.
Otis=2008-03-07=After being captured and tortured by the psychopath Otis, teen cheerleader Riley Lawson escapes and informs her parents, who quickly sidestep sluggish FBI agents and take matters into their own hands. But the Lawsons' revenge plan hits a snag when Otis's unusual brother enters the picture.
La sociedad del semáforo=2010-09-24=By applying all his knowledge in electricity and electronics, Raúl Tréllez, a bum who lives in the downtown streets of Bogotá, struggles to control the time of a red light so that jugglers, cripples and other homeless people can achieve longer shows in the red light corner.
Senza sapere niente di lei=1969-11-18=Tells a dark story about a young lawyer that falls in love with a strange girl with an unknown past.
Przechodzien=1984-01-01=Interview with filmmaker Tadeusz Konwicki
Trailin' West=1936-09-04=A singing secret agent tracks down renegades at President Lincoln's request.
AmbaSSada=2013-10-18=Young couple living in the old house suddenly discover an elevator which takes them directly to year 1939.
Beware! The Blob=1972-06-21=A technician brings a frozen specimen of the original Blob back from the North Pole. When his wife accidentally defrosts the thing, it terrorizes the populace, including the local hippies, kittens, and bowlers.
Savages=2012-07-06=Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the Mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend.
Battle Circus=1953-03-06="A young Army nurse, Lt Ruth McGara (June Allyson), newly assigned to the 66th MASH during the Korean War, attracts the sexual attention of the unit's commander Dr. (MAJ) Jed Webbe (Humphrey Bogart). Webbe, who has a drinking problem, at first wants a ""no strings"" relationship. McGara is warned by the other nurses of Webbe's womanizing ways. Despite these initial handicaps, their love flourishes against a background of war, enemy attacks, death and injury. The relationship deepens and uplifts both characters."
Kiss The Bride=2002-10-16=Sibling drama overshadows the impending nuptials of Danni Sposato (Amanda Detmer) and her longtime boyfriend, Geoff Brancato (Johnathon Schaech). Television actress Niki (Brooke Langton) brings her manager-boyfriend, Marty (Johnny Whitworth), to meet the family for the first time, while spiky youngest sister Toni (Monet Mazur) shows off her bandmate and lover, Amy (Alyssa Milano), and driven Wall Street banker Chrissy (Vanessa Parise) flashes the status symbols of her financial success.
Thérèse Raquin=1953-11-06="Star-crossed lovers Thérèse (Simone Signoret) and Laurent (Raf Vallone) think they've gotten away with murder after Thérèse's weakling husband ""falls"" from a speeding train. But when forced to contend with a blackmailer's demands and the mute accusations of Thérèse's mother-in-law (French stage and screen diva Sylvie, in a scene stealing performance), it's only a matter of time before the law, their passion or blind chance trips them up."
Vatel=2000-05-01=In 1671, with war brewing with Holland, a penniless prince invites Louis XIV to three days of festivities at a chateau in Chantilly. The prince wants a commission as a general, so the extravagances are to impress the king. In charge of all is the steward, Vatel, a man of honor, talent, and low birth. The prince is craven in his longing for stature: no task is too menial or dishonorable for him to give Vatel. While Vatel tries to sustain dignity, he finds himself attracted to Anne de Montausier, the king's newest mistress. In Vatel, she finds someone who's authentic, living out his principles within the casual cruelties of court politics. Can the two of them escape unscathed?
Nude Nuns With Big Guns=2010-09-24="Upon taking her vows to become a nun, Sister Sarah is abused, brainwashed and drugged into submission by the corrupt clergy. On the verge of death from a lethal dose of drugs, Sister Sarah receives a message from GOD telling her to take vengeance on all those who did her wrong. Armed with God's will and an arsenal of big guns, she dispenses Judgment Day on her former tormentors. When the church hires the merciless motorcycle gang the ""Los Muertos"" to track down and kill her they soon realize that this SISTER IS ONE BAD MOTHER."
Unconquered=1947-09-24=Intrepid frontiersman Chris Holden foils the political and personal ambitions of renegade Martin Garth in the Ohio Valley following the French and Indian War.
座頭市逆手斬り=1965-09-18=Blind swordsman Zatoichi, jailed briefly, is implored by another prisoner to aid him in proving his innocence of a crime for which he is sentenced to death. Zatoichi is reluctant to get involved, because he knows how often such involvement has led to trouble in the past. But events conspire to thrust him repeatedly into involvement, and gradually he comes to believe in the man's innocence and determines to free him.
Mesmerized=1985-11-18=An orphan weds an older man in circa-1900 New Zealand, then finds out he's a miser who spies on her.
Scorpio Rising=1964-01-01=An army of gay/nazi bikers make their engines roar and ride the way to pain/pleasure as sexual and sadistic symbols are intercut into the dazing chaos and rhythmic experiences of this underground film by cult director Anger.
I'm Here=2010-03-01=A library assistant plods through an ordinary life in LA until a chance meeting opens his eyes to a the power of creativity and ultimately, love. When this new life and love begin to fall apart, he discovers he has a lot to give. This short film proves that ordinary is no place to be.
Poziţia copilului=2013-03-08=Child's Pose is a contemporary drama focusing on the relationship between a mother and her 32-year-old son. After the accidental killing of a boy in a car crash, the mother tries to prevent her son being charged for the death, and she refuses to accept that her son is a grown-up man.
Highlander=1986-03-07=He fought his first battle on the Scottish Highlands in 1536. He will fight his greatest battle on the streets of New York City in 1986. His name is Connor MacLeod. He is immortal.
Callan=1974-01-01=David Callan, secret agent, is called back to the service after his retirement, to handle the assasination of a german businessman, but Callan refuses to co-operate until he finds out why this man is marked for death.
Loup=2009-12-09=Sixteen year old Sergei is the son of Boris, the head of the Batagi clan of reindeer breeders. Awarded the title of herdsman, with the clan's largest herd, he joins the Evenk tribe for the first time as they begin their summer cattle drive across the pastures of the Siberian mountains. As the tribe's only source of income, these reindeer are their pride and joy and they will stop at nothing to protect them from their most bitter enemy, the Wolf. Written by American Film Market.
Las Hurdes=1933-12-01=Las Hurdes – Tierra Sin Pan / Land Without Bread / Unpromised Land is a surrealist documentary filmed in Spain in 1932. It is the result of a two month trip through the Las Hurdes region. The film shows the contrasts between the village and the towns in the north of Extremadura, Salamanca and along the border of Portugal.
My Friend Flicka=1943-05-26=Ken McLaughlin (Roddy McDowall) is a precocious 10-year-old who lives with his family on a remote Wyoming ranch. When Ken returns home from school with failing grades, his father, Rob (Preston Foster), blames the boy's lack of personal responsibility. At the suggestion of his wife, Nell (Rita Johnson), Rob allows Ken to choose a single colt from the herd to raise as his own. Much to his father's dismay, Ken chooses a fiery mustang filly -- but the two soon become fast friends.
Major Barbara=1941-05-14=A young and idealistic woman, who has adopted the Salvation Army and whose father is an armament industrialist, will save more souls directing her father's business. A comedy with social commentary.
Live and Let Die=1973-07-05=James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big.
War on Everyone=2016-10-07=Two corrupt cops in New Mexico set out to blackmail and frame every criminal unfortunate enough to cross their path. Things take a sinister turn, however, when they try to intimidate someone who is more dangerous than they are. Or is he?
Captain Kidd=1945-11-22=The unhistorical adventures of pirate Captain Kidd revolve around treasure and treachery. In 1699, William Kidd (Charles Laughton), a pirate who has recently captured the ship The Twelve Apostles and killed its crew, presents himself at the court of King William III (Henry Daniell) as an honest shipmaster seeking royal backing. With this backing, he recruits a crew from the inmates of Newgate and Marshalsea prisons, promising them a royal pardon at the end of their voyage. Among the new recruits is the quarrelsome, though cultured Adam Mercy (Randolph Scott), whom Kidd makes his new master gunner because of his claimed prior service with a famous pirate.
ラブホテル=1985-08-03=After witnessing the rape of his wife, a man's mind snaps and he attacks a prostitute. Two years later, the man and the prostitute meet by chance.
Sweet Jesus, Preacherman=1973-05-25=A Black hit man poses as a Baptist preacher in a ghetto church. He decides to take over the local rackets.
Bachelor Party=1984-06-29=This outrageously funny look at one man's final moments of bachelorhood stars Tom Hanks as Rick, reluctant recipient of a bachelor bash given by a group of friends who view partying as their full-time religion. Rick's worried fiancée, Debbie (Tawny Kitaen), dresses up in disguise and crashes the party to spy on her future husband.
Freelancers=2012-08-10=The son of a slain NYPD officer joins the force, where he falls in with his father's former partner and a team of rogue cops. His new boss, Sarcone, will see if he has what it takes to be rogue through many trials and tribulations of loyalty, trust and respect. When the truth about his father's death is revealed revenge takes him over and he won't stop until justice has been truly served.
Nya hyss av Emil i Lönneberga=1972-10-21=Emil's reputation for being a troublemaker makes the Svensson family's neighbours take up a collection for sending the boy off to America. But even if he among other unfortunate mishaps causes his father to get stuck in the outhouse window and get bitten by crawfish, all is forgotten when he skillfully wins the family a free horse. And when Alfred the farmhand gets seriously ill, Emil puts his own life on the line, venturing into a snow storm to get his best friend to a doctor before it is too late.
The Gauntlet=1977-12-21=Phoenix cop Ben Shockley is well on his way to becoming a derelict when he is assigned to transport a witness named Gus Mally from Vegas. Mally turns out to be a belligerent prostitute with mob ties and incriminating information regarding a high-placed figure.
Home Sweet Home=2013-05-13=A young married couple comes home from a date night to discover that they are imprisoned in their own house with a methodical killer inside.
Totò, Peppino e... la malafemmina=1956-08-14="Antonio, Peppino and Lucia are three brothers who live in the country near Naples. Lucia's son, Gianni, goes to Naples to study medicine, but there he knows a ballet dancer. They fall in love and, when she goes to Milan, Gianni follows her. Informed of this and afraid that their nephew will stop studying, the three Caponi brothers leave for Milan to persuade Gianni to come back and continue studying and abandon the ""Malafemmina"" (bad girl)."
Marie Antoinette=1938-08-26=The young Austrian princess Marie Antoinette (Norma Shearer) is arranged to marry Louis XVI (Robert Morley), future king of France, in a politically advantageous marriage for the rival countries. The opulent Marie indulges in various whims and flirtations, including Count Axel (Tyrone Power). When Louis XV (John Barrymore) passes and Louis XVI ascends the French throne, his queen's extravagant lifestyle earns the hatred of the French people, who despise her Austrian heritage.
The FBI Story=1959-10-01=A dedicated FBI agent recalls the agency's battles against the Klan, organized crime and Communist spies.
Journal d'une femme de chambre=2015-02-07=France, around 1900. Coming from the vibrancy of Paris, pert Célestine is procured as a chambermaid in Normandy. In the Lanlaire's villa she encounters the lecherous man of the house and his asexual, tyrannical and jealous wife. Célestine is determined to avoid the fate suffered by the cook Marianne who has already secretly killed one child born out of wedlock and now despairingly realises she is pregnant again. The lively maid is intrigued by what the mysterious manservant Joseph is up to: he distributes anti-Semitic leaflets and suggests that she could work for him as a prostitute in Cherbourg…
Microwave Massacre=1983-08-31=A guy kills his wife because she's a bad cook.
Cinderella Liberty=1973-12-18=A lonely Navy sailor falls in love with a hooker and becomes a surrogate father figure for her son during an extended liberty due to his service records being lost.
Futari=1991-05-10=Chizuko and Mika are sisters who get along very well, and have a good relationship, but one day Chizuko dies unexpectedly in an accident. Mika always feels undermined for not living up to her sisters achievements until one day the ghost of her sister appears again. And by the encouragement  of Chizuko, she overcomes various difficulties in her life.
Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story=1993-05-07=This film is a glimpse into the life, love and the unconquerable spirit of the legendary Bruce Lee. From a childhod of rigorous martial arts training, Lee realizes his dream of opening his own kung-fu school in America. Before long, he is discovered by a Hollywood producer and begins a meteroric rise to fame and an all too short reign as one the most charasmatic action heroes in cinema history.
Vares – Kaidan tien kulkijat=2012-01-06=The body of a young woman whose heart has been ripped out of her chest is found in a remote are in Finland. The finder of the body, a dismissed pastor, hires private investigator Jussi Vares to investigate the crime. Vares uncovers a criminal ring involved in extortion, religious scams, exploitation of minors and stock market speculation.
The Evil in Us=2016-08-19=While on a fourth of July holiday, six best friends fall victim to the insidious plan of a terrorist organization when they unknowingly take a bio-active drug that transforms them into bloodthirsty cannibals.
Drenge=1977-02-26=Another personal movie by Danish director Nils Malmros.
The Book of Mormon Movie, Volume 1: The Journey=2003-09-12=The story of Lehi and his wife Sariah and their four sons: Laman, Lemuel, Sam, and Nephi. Lehi leaves Jerusalem because he prophesied unto the people concerning the destruction of Jerusalem, and they sought his life. He journeys into the wilderness with his family. He sends Nephi and his brethren back to Jerusalem after the brass plates and the family of Ishmael. The sons and daughters of Lehi marry the sons and daughters of Ishmael. They take their families and continue into the wilderness. Ishmael dies in the wilderness. They come to the sea. Nephi's brethren rebel against him. He confounds them, and builds a ship. They cross the sea to the promised land in the Americas. Lehi dies in the promised land. Nephi's brethren rebel against him again. Nephi departs again into the wilderness.
The Rewrite=2014-06-15=An Oscar-winning writer in a slump leaves Hollywood to teach screenwriting at a college on the East Coast, where he falls for a single mom taking classes there.
The Racket=1928-11-01=In this silent film, a renegade police captain sets out to catch a sadistic mob boss.
A Woman's Face=1941-05-09=Plastic surgery gives a scarred female criminal a new outlook on life.
Vénus et Fleur=2004-06-23=Fleur, a shy young Parisian in Marseilles, meets Vénus, a flamboyant but lost Russian girl. They have nothing in common, save for their wish to meet the ideal boy.
Битва за Севастополь=2015-04-02=The breakout of the war shatters the world of a young student, Lyudmila Pavlichenko, forcing her to enlist in the army in 1941. The maiden turns out to be a natural-born sniper, her impressive skill and prowess make her stand out among men and women alike. Seeing Pavlichenko as a tangible threat, the German High Command gives orders to eliminate the girl whatever the cost. In the meanwhile, Lyudmila meets a man and falls in love. War fades into the background... Soon, however, another misfortune befalls Lyudmila leaving the man she loves on the brink of death and herself seriously wounded. The girl is pulled out of combat and later goes to the United States with a publicity visit. Eleanor Roosevelt welcomes Lyudmila in the White House and the two women soon become close. It won't be long before Pavlichenko stands before an audience in Chicago pressing for a second front. Will her words have the capacity to change the course of war?
The Den=2013-12-12=A young woman studying the habits of webcam chat users from the apparent safety of her apartment witnesses a brutal murder online and is quickly immersed in a nightmare in which she and her loved ones are targeted for the same grisly fate as the first victim.
Besotted=2001-05-21=A 21st century sorceress (Hardman) arrives in a Cape Cod fishing village for her summer holiday, with the intention of putting her magical powers to good use, creating love matches for the town's lost souls. (Artistic License Films)
His Name Was Jason: 30 Years of Friday the 13th=2009-02-03=A retrospective documentary about the groundbreaking horror series, Friday the 13th, featuring interviews with cast and crew from the twelve films spanning 3 decades.
Relax... It's Just Sex=1998-06-26=A mixed group of individuals - lesbian, gays, and heterosexuals who all frequent a local bar struggle to accept each others lifestyles. However when the two gays are attacked and fight back and ultimately rape one of their attackers, the group becomes strongly divided on their actions.
Thrashin'=1986-08-29="Corey and his band of skater buddies sometimes make mischief, but they're more interested in girls and having fun on their boards than in getting into any real trouble. Notorious enemy crew the Daggers, led by Tommy Hook, get their kicks terrorizing the locals at Venice Beach. When Corey starts dating Tommy's kid sister Chrissy, the Daggers are furious. The boys then take their beef to the ""L.A. Massacre,"" a deadly skate race down a canyon road."
The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2=2015-11-18=With the nation of Panem in a full scale war, Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends – including Gale, Finnick, and Peeta – Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps, enemies, and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games.
История Аси Клячиной, которая любила, да не вышла замуж=1966-01-01=A pregnant young woman wants to settle down with a good-for-nothing villager but is wooed by a suitor from the city.
Espacio interior=2013-07-26=Locked up and isolated, constantly exposed and threatened to be killed, for the first time in his life Lazaro understood that he was a free man.
The Last Seduction II=1999-06-08=Femme fatal/con artist Bridget Gregory travels to Barcelona and targets another businessman to scam him of his money while a relentless private investigator tries to track her down.
Conspiracy Theory=1997-08-07=A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is.
മണിച്ചിത്രത്താഴ്=1993-12-25=A young couple, Ganga (Shobana) and Nakulan (Suresh Gopi), arrives at the ancestral home tharavadu called Madampalli of the latter. Hailing from a family that follows tradition and superstitions, Nakulan's uncle Thampi (Nedumudi Venu) objects to the couple's idea of moving into the allegedly haunted mansion, which Nakulan ignores. The couple moves in anyway following which seemingly supernatural events begin to happen.
Return of the Living Dead: Rave to the Grave=2005-10-15=A college student creates and sells a drug called 'Z' on campus which resurrects the living dead, who wreak havoc at a Halloween rave.
The Case for Christ=2017-04-07=Based on the true story of an award-winning investigative journalist -- and avowed atheist -- who applies his well-honed journalistic and legal skills to disprove the newfound Christian faith of his wife... with unexpected, life-altering results.
Makdee=2002-11-22=In a small North Indian village, Legend has it that a 100 years-old witch lives in an abandoned mansion on the village outskirts, and any person who goes inside is turned into an animal. In the same village a clever, naughty girl named Chunni (Shweta Prasad) lives with her widowed father, grandmother and her identical twin Munni, who is just the exact opposite of Chunni in mannerisms. But one day, Chunni's prank causes Munni enters the witch's mansion and the witch turns her into a hen. Chunni strikes a deal with Makdee (Shabana Azmi) that she will present Makdee with 100 hens in exchange for Munni in human form. How she manages this task forms the crux of the rest of this fun-filled children's movie.
Living It Up=1954-07-15=Homer Flagg (Lewis) is a railroad worker in the small town of Desert Hole, New Mexico. One day he finds an abandoned automobile at an old atomic proving ground. His doctor and best friend, Steve Harris (Martin), diagnoses him with radiation poisoning and gives Homer three weeks to live. A reporter for a New York newspaper, hears of Homer's plight and convinces her editor, to provide an all-expenses paid trip to New York.
Les mistons=1957-11-14=A group of young boys who have a collective crush on Bernadette. As a result of this, they have an unreasoning jealousy of Gérard, and do everything they can to disrupt their relationship. When Gérard catches one of the young boys spying on them, he thrashes him severely. In retaliation, the children try to inspire Bernadette to doubt Gérard’s love.
Trolljegeren=2010-10-29=A group of students investigates a series of mysterious bear killings, but learns that there are much more dangerous things going on. They start to follow a mysterious hunter, learning that he is actually a troll hunter.
Jerry Springer: The Opera=2005-11-14='Jerry Springer-The Opera' tells the story of a day in the job of world famous talk-show host, Jerry Springer. Jerry has to sort out a number of guests problems; including a man who wants to dress up as a baby, a man with 3 lovers (one of them a transexual) and a fat woman who wants to be a pole dancer. However, on this particular day, something out of the ordinary will happen...
Heart of the North=1938-12-10=A two-fisted Canadian Mountie leads lawmen in pursuit of the thieves who stole an Edmonton-bound freighter's cargo.
Spectral=2016-12-09=A special-ops team is dispatched to fight supernatural beings that have taken over a European city.
All Things To All Men=2013-04-05=A thief is caught up in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse between a maverick cop and London crime boss.
Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure=2003-03-18=Wilbur the pig knows how important friendship is - he learned that from a spider named Charlotte. So when Wilbur meets Cardigan, a lonely lamb, Wilbur immediately makes him his friend.
Raffles=1939-12-29=Man about town and First Class cricketer A.J. Raffles keeps himself solvent with daring robberies. Meeting Gwen from his schooldays and falling in love all over again, he spends the weekend with her parents, Lord and Lady Melrose. A necklace presents an irresistible temptation, but also in attendance is Scotland Yard's finest, finally on the trail.
東京暮色=1957-04-30=Two sisters find out the existence of their long-lost mother, but the younger cannot take the truth of being abandoned as a child.
La Fille du puisatier=2011-04-19=It's the beginning of the WWII. South of France. Patricia, 18, is the oldest daughter of a well-digger, Pascal, who considers her a princess because of her moral qualities. She's kind, devoted. One day, she briefly meets a young man, Jacques, the son of Mazel, owner of the shop where her father buy his material. He's handsome and teasing. Her father's friend, Felipe, would love to marry her, and he invites her to an aviation show. She accepts his invitation only because she knows Jacques is a pilot and will be there. Soon, she'll carry his child, and he'll be gone, and the family will have to deal with this out-of-wedlock pregnancy...
Candyman: Day of the Dead=1999-07-09=The Candyman returns to try to convince his female descendent, an artist, to join him as a legendary figure. To this end, he frames her for a series of hideous murders of her friends and associates so that she has nowhere else to turn to.
Scott Walker: 30 Century Man=2006-10-31=A documentary on the influential musician Scott Walker.
Minha Mãe é Uma Peça 2=2016-12-22=Dona Hermínia is back, but now rich and famous since she is the host of her own successful TV show. However, the overprotective character will have to deal with her children's departures, as Marcelina and Juliano decide to move out. In counterpart, she will welcome, as a visitor, her sister Lúcia Helena, who's been living in New York.
Logan's War:  Bound by Honor=1998-11-01=Chuck Norris stars as martial arts extraordinaire Jake Fallon, who, after the death of his brother and sister-in-law, adopts (and trains) his orphaned nephew. Logan (Eddie Cibrian, TV's Invasion). After fifteen years of careful instruction, Logan is determined to avenge his parents Death... And, he'll need Uncle Jake's help to do it.
Monsoon Wedding=2001-08-30=From an exciting Indian wedding comes a relationship from two different times not only showing the modern but also the traditional. Different characters and stories interact with each other in director Mira Nair film where she used an Indian-American production to illustrate these themes modern day Indians are very familiar with.
The Ghostmaker=2011-08-01="A group of college friends discover a 15th century coffin that allows them to experience the world as ghosts. While their first adventures in the spirit world are playful and innocent, the ""Box of Shadows"" soon brings out the group's most dangerous impulses and desires. The friends find themselves pulled into a world of evil where they learn the line between life and death is there for a reason."
Dark Matter=2007-01-23=Liu Xing a brilliant Chinese student, arrives at University and makes the transition into American life with the help of Joanna Silver. Xing joins a cosmology group working to create a model of the origins of the universe. He is obsessed with the study of dark matter and a theory that conflicts with the group's model. When he begins to make breakthroughs of his own, he encounters obstructions.
Smile=1975-01-01="It's time again for California's ""Young American Miss"" beauty pageant, the biggest event of the year for Big Bob Freelander and Brenda DiCarlo, who give their all to put on a successful pageant. But Brenda is having marital difficulties and Bob's son is up to some mischief. Could this year's pageant be in jeopardy?"
La prima notte di quiete=1972-10-27=In Italy, the gambler and professor of poetry Daniele Dominici arrives in the seaside town of Rimini and is hired to teach for four months in the local high school replacing another teacher. His relationship with his partner Monica is in crisis and he spends most of the time with his new acquaintances and gamblers Giorgio, Marcello and Gerardo. In classroom, he meets the gorgeous nineteen years old student Vanina Abati, who is Gerardo's girlfriend.
Pushing Tin=1999-04-23=Two air traffic controllers (John Cusack, Billy Bob Thornton) who thrive on living dangerously compete to outdo each other on several levels.
Bulldog Drummond's Peril=1938-03-18=In this episode captain Drummond tries to find the killer of various people. All assassinations were provoked by a diamond of great value, but Drummond will face the danger.
అదుర్స్=2010-01-13='Adurs' is an action, comedy and romantic flick is on the way, to entertain you. 'Junior NTR' will be playing the dual roles in this movie, one as a Brahmin Character and the other as a 'Don' a mass character. Hasya Brahma character of Junior NTR & Brahmanandam will be donning in full length comedy, throughout the movie.
The Case of the Whitechapel Vampire=2002-10-27=The scene of the crime is Whitechapel, the same London district notorious for the recent attacks of Jack the Ripper. Three monks are found dead, the apparent victims of a vampire - now, someone else is out for blood. Or is it something else? As bizarre events unfold, the answer is left to Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson to find.
Closet Land=1991-03-06=A young writer is interrogated by a sadistic secret policeman. She is accused of embedding political messages in her children's stories. The entire movie takes place in one room, with only the two actors. The movie is set in an unidentified, modern police state.
A Fool=2015-05-01=With his directorial debut actor Chen Jianbin walks in the footsteps of A Touch of Sin, No Man’s Land, and Black Coal, Thin Ice and offers a hard-edged mainland noir where kindness and cruelty, madness and reason, greed and humanity all struggle for dominance and the fool might not be who you think . The hook here is Chen’s amazing performance as the simple, slightly crude Latioazi, a goat farmer who has a son in jail. When a young mentally handicapped man follows him home one day and enters his life, it sets off a blaze and a chain of events follows, which bares China’s class divide raw. His random act of reluctant kindness invites a parade of strangers and grifters all intent on draining Latioazi of what little he has.
Pete 'n' Tillie=1972-12-17=Unassuming and single thirty-three year old Tillie Shlain is at that phase of her life of being known as a soon to be spinster if she doesn't marry soon. She isn't looking forward to meeting the latest in a long string of blind dates, his name being Pete Seltzer. Pete and Tillie are not a match made in heaven, he using wisecracking and constant flirtations with women to mask his own insecurities about his average looks and not wanting to deal with life head on. Despite Tillie's guard being up with regard to Pete, he is able slowly to chip away at her defenses. They do embark on a relationship which ends up in a straightforward and somewhat mutual declaration that they will get married despite their fundamental differences. But can their relationship survive these fundamental differences, which don't change during the course of their marriage, and as they deal with the terminal malignant tumor diagnosis of their nine-year old son, Robbie?
Stealing Candy=2003-05-14=Three ex-cons kidnap a famous movie star and force her to film a sex tape live on the internet for a paying audience.
Murder by Phone=1982-12-01=A disgruntled phone company employee develops a device whereby those answering a phone can be murdered, and it's up to Nat Bridger to stop the killer.
The Librarian: The Curse of the Judas Chalice=2008-12-07=While on a dangerous mission to recover the historic Judas Chalice, Flynn is saved by Simone. But when double-crossed by a respected professor and ambushed by a ruthless gang, Flynn realizes Simone's secret, his true mission and a shocking discovery are all lying within a decaying New Orleans crypt.
An Inconvenient Tax=2011-04-15=An Inconvenient Tax is a 2010 documentary film produced by Life Is My Movie Entertainment. The film explores the history of the income tax in the United States and the causes of its many complexities.
The Browning Version=1994-10-12=Andrew Crocker-Harris is an embittered and disliked teacher of Greek and Latin at a British prep school. After nearly 20 years of service, he is being forced to retire on the pretext of his health, and perhaps may not even be given a pension. The boys regard him as a Hitler, with some justification. His wife Laura is unfaithful, and lives to wound him any way she can. Andrew must come to terms with his failed life and regain at least his own self-respect.
House of the Dead=2003-04-11=Set on an island off the coast, a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a Coast Guard officer. Soon, they discover that their X-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground, from the air, and in the sea, ruled by an evil entity in the House of the Dead... Prequel to the House of the Dead video games.
Oxygen=1999-11-12=A masochistic cop, who hides her predilection from her cop husband, gets involved in pursuing a kidnapper nicknamed Harry for Harry Houdini
Midnight Shadow=1939-01-01=A confidence man pretending to be a mentalist swindles a family.
4 aventures de Reinette et Mirabelle=1987-02-04=Two young girls meet, Reinette from the countryside and Mirabelle from Paris, and decide to take a flat together in Paris where they attend University. Four successive stories about their daily lives illustrate the very different views, characters and relation to the world of these two friends.
The Lonedale Operator=1911-03-23=A young woman takes over her sick father's role as telegraph operator at a railway station, and has to deal with a team intent on train robbery.  Film first released 23 March 1911.
Angst=1983-01-01=A killer is released from prison and breaks into a remote home to kill a woman, her handicapped son and her pretty daughter.
Valerie=2007-04-26=Kurz vor Weihnachten ist das einst erfolgreiche Fotomodell Valerie, 29, in ihrer Heimatstadt Berlin gestrandet. Zwar hat sie ein Zimmer im exklusiven Hyatt, aber eigentlich ist sie völlig pleite und ohne Perspektive. Valerie ist unfähig, sich auf die neue Situation einzustellen. Ihrer befreundeten Kollegin Isa lügt sie eitel Sonnenschein vor, und weder der Chefin ihrer Agentur noch ihrem reichen Gönner Isenberg offenbart sie iher existenzbedrohende Lage. Als Valerie ihr Hotelzimmer verlassen muss, hat sie nicht einmal mehr das Geld, um die Gebühren der Tiefgarage zu bezahlen.  Valerie landet Heiligabend in einer einfachen Bar, in der sie die etwas heruntergekommene 40-jährige Charlotte kennenlernt. Völlig betrunken findet sie ihren Wagen in der Tiefgarage nicht mehr. Der junge Tiefgaragenwärter André hilft ihr.
The Other Guys=2010-08-06="NYPD detectives Christopher Danson (Johnson) and P.K. Highsmith (Jackson) are the baddest and most beloved cops in New York City. They don't get tattoos, other men get tattoos of them. Two desks over and one back, sit detectives Allen Gamble (Ferrell) and Terry Hoitz (Wahlberg). You've seen them in the background of photos of Danson and Highsmith, out of focus and eyes closed. They're not heroes, they're ""the other guys."" But every cop has his or her day and soon Gamble and Hoitz stumble into a seemingly innocuous case no other detective wants to touch that could turn into NYC's biggest crime. It's the opportunity of their lives, but do these guys have the right stuff?"
Ladies in Lavender=2004-06-14=Andrea, a gifted young Polish violinist from Krakow, is bound for America when he is swept overboard by a storm. When the Widdington sisters discover the handsome stranger on the beach below their house, they nurse him back to health. However, the presence of the musically talented young man disrupts the peaceful lives of Ursula and Janet and the community in which they live.
The Wild Life=1984-09-28=Eighties teen romp involving Bill and his new apartment, Jim and his rebellious antics, Tom and his crazy self, and Anita with her older man David.
Nach Fünf im Urwald=1995-09-30=Anna, 17 years old, is happy to throw her first big birthday party without her parents, but some of her guests are so stoned that they leave a big chaos and, even worse, destroy the favorite record of Anna's father. After the return of her shocked and angry parents, Anna runs away to Munich with her admirer Simon. They discover the nightlife jungle and get to know some typical urban guys. Meanwhile, Anna's parents get in touch with Simon's and try to find their children. On the way across Munich, they remember their own wild and restless youth…
China Seas=1935-08-16=Rugged Captain Alan Gaskell (Clark Gable) sails the perilous waters between Hong Kong and Singapore with a secret cargo: a fortune in British gold. That's not the only risky cargo he carries. Both his fiery mistress (Jean Harlow) and his refined fiancee (Rosalind Russell) are aboard! With their wisecracking banter, gutsy glamour and dynamic physicality, Gable and Harlow prove once again that they were the '30s most scorching screen pair in this rough-and-tumble tale of the sea. Highlights include a raging typhoon, a battle with bloodthirsty Malay pirates, and Harlow's drinking contest with bluff villain Wallace Beery, who wants the gold and the platinum blonde. Adventure (and Golden Era allure) dead ahead on China Seas.
Dan Levy: Lion=2016-11-17=Dan Levy works his way from a zebra to a lion in his new special Lion. From his personal trainer texting him at 4am, to watching the movie Frozen with his kids at 6am, to even getting mugged in Beverly Hills, Dan is not afraid to talk about his exhausting life. He also shares his crippling HGTV addiction and what it’s like raising a tiny Matthew McConaughey. Bonus: he’ll also teach you how to cheat the massage parlor system.
Il cinico, l'infame, il violento=1977-02-03="This is probably the best example of a 70's Italian crime movie, though not the ""best"" movie of the genre (does that make sense?). It has, besides Saxon, an entirely Italian cast but most of them are pretty recognizable regulars in very amusing roles. Maurizio Merli is best as the role he was born to play, that of yet another ticked off Police commissioner. His very charismatic, yet level-headed performance is the one thing that keeps this movie moving along so well, and it is notable that of Lenzi's crime movies, this is probably the one that entrusts Merli with the most screentime."
Farscape: The Peacekeeper Wars=2004-01-01=Sixty days on and Rygel is retrieving pieces of John and Aeryn from the sea bed. The Diagnosan re-crystalises them and they start getting to know the local species. Meanwhile, Scorpius and Sikozu are aboard a Peacekeeper Command Carrier on a recon mission. They attack a Scarren ship, which provokes the Scarrens into declaring war on The Peacekeepers.
Traitors=2013-09-05=Set in Tangier, Traitors tells the story of Maika, a calm, conservative girl by day and a leader of an all-girl punk group by night.
Dog Star Man: Part II=1963-01-09=A man, accompanied by a dog, struggles through snow on a mountain side. We see film stock blister; drawn square shapes appear. Then, we see an infant's face. The images of struggling climber, baby, blurred film stock, large snow flakes, and what may be microscopic details of matter are superimposed on each other, one dominating the frame briefly to be replaced by another. As the man falls in the snow and tries to regain his feet, the baby continues to appear, first with eyes closed. Alternately, images rush by - montages of paper cutouts and life under a microscope.
Pleasantville=1998-09-17="Geeky teenager David and his popular twin sister, Jennifer, get sucked into the black-and-white world of a 1950s TV sitcom called ""Pleasantville,"" and find a world where everything is peachy keen all the time. But when Jennifer's modern attitude disrupts Pleasantville's peaceful but boring routine, she literally brings color into its life."
Stargate=1994-10-27=An interstellar teleportation device, found in Egypt, leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient Egyptians who worship the god Ra.
Quackser Fortune Has a Cousin in the Bronx=1970-06-13=In Dublin, a working class family has been unsuccessful in convincing their son to get a real job: the son prefers his job of scooping up horse's dung and selling it for flower gardens. An American exchange student almost runs him over and gets to know him. The dung man has ignored warnings from his family and suddenly the horses have been banned from Dublin. His new love is leaving for America and he must find a way to cope with the new reality.
Endgame: Blueprint for Global Enslavement=2007-11-01=For the New World Order (NWO), a world government is just the beginning. Once in place they can engage their plan to exterminate 80% of the world's population, while enabling the 'elites' to live forever with the aid of advanced technology. For the first time, crusading filmmaker Alex Jones reveals their secret plan for humanity's extermination: Operation Endgame.
David Wants to Fly=2010-05-06=A documentary. David Sieveking takes the advice of his idol, David Lynch and tries out Maharishi Mahesh Yogi's transcendental meditation technique.
Bill Hicks: Relentless=1992-01-01=Outspoken and raw, not mincing matters, Bill Hicks tells us that, just like smokers, non-smokers also die every day - with jogging instructor Jim Fixx as an example -, asks women what's so terrible about giving head, talks us through what really happened during the 1990-1991 Gulf War and how the used technology could have also been used to feed the poor of the world.
Афоня=1975-10-13="The 1975 film by Georgi Daneliya ""Afonya"" was an unexpected commercial hit in USSR. The main character ""Afonya"" Borshev is a plumber, who spends his life partying with ""buddies"", many of whom he doesn't even remember after nights of heavy drinking. His wife leaves him, his boss places him on probation, his whole life is falling apart, but he doesn't realize it. Afonya met Katya at a dance club, yet didn't pay her much attention. But she is the one, who can save him... In this movie Daneliya achieves a perfect balance of satire and drama. Quotes from the movie gained a cult status in USSR."
Afghan Star=2009-06-26="This documentary on the effect the talent competition ""Afghan Star"" has on the incredibly diverse inhabitants of Afghanistan affords a glimpse into a country rarely seen. Contestants risk their lives to appear on the television show that is a raging success with the public and also monitored closely by the government."
Der Himmel über Berlin=1987-01-01=Wings of Desire is Wim Wender’s artistically beautiful film about the lonely and immortal life of angels during a post-war Berlin. It’s a poetic journey from the perspective of the angels of which one falls in love with a living woman and wants to become a mortal human thus giving up his heavenly life. Filmed in black and white and with a feeling of celebrating life.
Fierce Creatures=1997-01-24=Ex-policeman Rollo Lee is sent to run Marwood Zoo, the newly acquired business of a New Zealand tycoon. In order to meet high profit targets and keep the zoo open, Rollo enforces a new 'fierce creatures' policy, whereby only the most impressive and dangerous animals are allowed to remain in the zoo. However, the keepers are less enthusiastic about complying with these demands.
Friday Foster=1975-12-25="Friday Foster, an ex-model magazine photographer, goes to Los Angeles International airport to photograph the arrival of Blake Tarr, the richest black man in America. Three men attempt to assassinate Tarr. Foster photographs the melee and is plunged into a web of conspiracy involving the murder of her childhood friend, a US senator, and a shadowy plan called ""Black Widow""."
Mission: Impossible=1996-05-22=When Ethan Hunt, the leader of a crack espionage team whose perilous operation has gone awry with no explanation, discovers that a mole has penetrated the CIA, he's surprised to learn that he's the No. 1 suspect. To clear his name, Hunt now must ferret out the real double agent and, in the process, even the score.
Severe Clear=2010-03-12="As part of the first wave in the War on Terror, First Lieutenant Mike Scotti (awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal with Combat ""V"") served on the front lines during the 21 day advance to Baghdad. His experiences in Afghanistan as well as Iraq put him face to face with the sobering realities of war on a daily basis. Severe Clear offers an unflinching look at life on the battlefield through the eyes of someone who was there."
Scary Godmother: Halloween Spooktakular=2003-10-22=The Scary Godmother Halloween Spooktakular is based on the comics and children's books of popular artist and writer Jill Thompson. Jill has won numerous awards for her fabulous watercolour paintings and illustrations. Scary Godmother is the whimsical all-ages story that follows the first trick-or-treating adventure of Hannah Marie, a young girl whose rotten older cousin is babysitting her one dark Halloween. Unhappy to be saddled with Hannah, her cousin cooks up a scheme to frighten her. But his scheme backfires when Hannah gets help from her Scary Godmother. Scary Godmother takes Hannah to her realm on the Fright Side where she is throwing the best Halloween party in all of frightdom. At the party Hannah is introduced to many colourful characters, learns that not all monsters are mean and enlists her new spooky friends in a plan to teach Jimmy a lesson.
The Daisy Chain=2008-01-01=A grieving couple move to a remote Irish village in the wake of their baby daughter's death. They soon take in an orphaned autistic girl, only to become involved in a series of strange occurrences.
The Curse of Downers Grove=2015-08-21=The town of Downers Grove looks like your average suburban neighborhood -- but Downers Grove has a disturbing secret.... For the past eight years, one senior from every high school graduating class has met a bizarre death right before graduation day. And this year, Chrissie Swanson has a terrible feeling that she is going to be the one to die. Can Chrissie survive the curse of Downers Grove or will she, like those seniors before her, fall prey to the town's deadly secret?
Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam=1999-06-18=Indian-based traditional family of Pundit Darbar (Vikram Gokhale) gets a visit from Sameer Rafilini (Salman Khan), from Italy, who has come as a pupil to learn music and singing. Darbar and his family accept him. Sameer meets Nandini (Aishwarya Rai), Darbar's daughter, and both fall in love. But Darbar wants Nandini to wed Vanraj (Ajay Devgan), and has Sameer swear that he will leave India.
What About Bob?=1991-05-17=Before going on vacation, self-involved psychiatrist Dr. Leo Marvin has the misfortune of taking on a new patient: Bob Wiley. An exemplar of neediness and a compendium of phobias, Bob follows Marvin to his family's country house. Dr. Marvin tries to get him to leave; the trouble is, everyone loves Bob. As his oblivious patient makes himself at home, Dr. Marvin loses his professional composure and, before long, may be ready for the loony bin himself.
Extraordinary Tales=2015-10-23=An animated anthology of 5 stories adapted from Edgar Allan Poe.
Death Wish=1974-07-24=A New York City architect becomes a one-man vigilante squad after his wife is murdered by street punks in which he randomly goes out and kills would-be muggers on the mean streets after dark.
Terminal=1996-02-12=A hospital in need of funds announces a cure for a form of brain cancer, having saved several wealthy men's lives. When a young girl with the cancer dies, one doctor notices that she and all the cured men had been treated with exactly the same medicine. Investigating further, she uncovers a plot by the administration to locate wealthy men already suffering from a serious condition, and give them the cancer, which can then be treated successfully.
A Day In The Life=2009-07-07=Onyx rapper Sticky Fingaz directs and stars in this hip-hop musical about a gangster who becomes caught up in a bloody war between two feuding crime families while struggling to leave the streets behind. When Black's family raids one of Stick's drug houses and kills two of his men, Stick is forced to choose between leaving it all behind or seeking revenge and feeding the cycle of violence.
Sherlock Holmes and the Voice of Terror=1942-09-18=England, at the start of World War Two. Mysterious wireless broadcasts, apparently from Nazi Germany are heard over the BBC. They warn of acts of terror in England, just before they take place. Baffled, the Defence Committee call in Holmes ...
Night of the Zombies=1981-01-01=Investigators search for soldiers' missing bodies, and hear unbelievable rumors about zombies. Dismissing those rumors they set out to investigate. After two men are found dead, CIA special-agent Nick Monroe is sent to flush out what are suspected to be deserters from the old U.S. Army Chemical Corps unit.
Männerherzen=2009-09-09=The comedy about men and their struggles in life and love.
Pane e Tulipani=2000-03-03=An endearing light comedy about a woman who spontaneously becomes a resident of Venice after her family left her begin. While enjoying the wonderful people she meets she achieves a new life and the first time independent of her family.
To the Ends of the Earth=2005-07-06=From Nobel Laureate William Golding's (Lord of the Flies) epic sea-voyage trilogy comes the story of an ambitious British aristocrat, humbled by the lives of his fellow passengers, as he embarks on an ocean voyage for Australia where he is to be an official in the colonial government.
Nuit et jour=1991-08-28=Jack and Julie live in a bare flat in Paris. At night, Jack drives a taxi while Julie wanders around the city, and in the day they make love. One day Julie meets Joseph, the daytime driver of the taxi, and soon Julie is spending her nights with Joseph and her days with Jack.
Krot na more=2012-09-01=Everyone's off to the seaside- by car, truck and train. Not wanting to miss out, the mole starts digging. When he gets there it's nice and quiet with just a few crabs and a sailing boat to keep him company. But then the hordes arrive. And no matter where he pops his head out of the sand, there's no room for a mole anymore. It's not until night time, when the moon shines on all the leftover rubbish, that things quiet down again.
God Respects Us When We Work, but Loves Us When We Dance=1968-01-01=Documentation of 1967 Los Angeles Easter Sunday Love-In.
Dust=2001-08-29="Two parallel tales of redemption, a century apart. In the New York storyline, Edge hunts for Angela's gold to pay back a debt, and gradually grows closer to her. In the Macedonian story, the brothers end up fighting for opposite sides of a revolution, with the religious Elijah taking up sides with the Ottoman sultan and gunslinger Luke joining ""the Teacher"" , a Macedonian rebel."
La gran final=2006-04-21=A comedy about the attempts of tribal groups around the world to watch a soccer match.
The Event=2003-01-01=An intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery, The Event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in New York's fashionable Chelsea district. Nick, a district attorney investigating the most recent case, a suspicious apparent suicide, and her interviews with friends and family of the deceased trigger extensive and intricately interwoven flashbacks that reveal surprising facts about the man's life and death.
$5 a Day=2008-01-01=After being released from jail, the son of a con man joins his father on the road.
Becoming Cary Grant=2016-12-20=For the first time one of Hollywood's greatest stars tells his own story, in his own words. From a childhood of poverty to global fame, Cary Grant, the ultimate self-made star, explores his own screen image and what it took to create it.
Dark Mirror=2007-01-01=The story about a photographer who moves her family into a home filled with mirrors which seem to reflect a different reality.
Kobe Bryant's Muse=2015-02-28=Documentary that goes behind the stats to reveal the story of Kobe Bryant's basketball career, exploring the mentorships, allies and rivalries that have helped shape his stellar 18-year tenure in the NBA, and offering access to his daily experiences, his lifelong inspirations and the battle with his greatest personal challenge yet
Gymkata=1985-05-03="Johnathan Cabot is a champion gymnast. In the tiny, yet savage, country of Parmistan, there is a perfect spot for a ""star wars"" site. For the US to get this site, they must compete in the brutal ""Game"". The government calls on Cabot, the son of a former operative, to win the game. Cabot must combine his gymnastics skills of the west with fighting secrets of the east and form GYMKATA!"
Alice in Wonderland=1951-07-03=On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards!
Johnny Was=2006-09-19=Johnny Doyle escapes a violent past in Ireland to lie low in London, until his former mentor Flynn breaks out of Brixton Prison...
Jackass 3D=2010-10-15=Jackass 3D is a 3-D film and the third movie of the Jackass series. It follows the same premise as the first two movies, as well as the TV series. It is a compilation of various pranks, stunts and skits. Before the movie begins, a brief introduction is made by Beavis and Butt-head explaining the 3D technology behind the movie. The intro features the cast lining up and then being attacked by various objects in slow-motion. The movie marks the 10th anniversary of the franchise, started in 2000.
Graveyard Shift=1987-06-12=Night brings out the hunger in people, especially a mysterious NY cab driver. He is a powerful vampire. And working the night shift brings a sultry array of sensuous passengers within his grasp. Embracing those ready to die, he controls an erratic but well-balanced vampire realm. Then unexpectedly, he discovers erotic human passion-unleashing a raging, terrorizing evil. When a slew of innocent citizens are senselessly slaughtered, the baffled police must solve a 350 year old mystery of unsated passion.
Simshar=2014-04-27=Young Theo is sent on his first trip with his Maltese sea faring family, but things go terribly wrong when the 'Simshar' sinks, leaving the crew stranded in the Mediterranean... Simultaneously, Alex - a medic reluctantly dispatched onto a Turkish Merchant vessel which has rescued a group of stranded African boat people between Malta and Italy - gets stuck on the boat as the countries wage a bureaucratic war over who should take in the migrants... The stories unravel in parallel and culminate tragically when the fishermen are traced down, but by that time there's only one survivor.
First Cousin Once Removed=2012-10-09=Filmmaker Alan Berliner documents his first cousin, the poet-translator Edwin Honig, as he succumbs to Alzheimer's.
Comanche Moon=2008-01-13="Comanche Moon, the prequel to McMurtry's bestselling and Pulitzer Prize-winning book, ""Lonesome Dove follows Texas Rangers Augustus ""Gus"" McCrae (Zahn) and Woodrow F. Call (Urban), now in their middle years, as they continue to deal with the ever-increasing tensions of adult life--Gus with his great love, Clara Forsythe (Cardellini), and Call with Maggie Tilton (Banks), the young prostitute who loves him and bears him his son, Newt (Joseph Castanon). Kilmer plays Captain Inish Scull, a Yankee aristocrat and hero of the recently concluded Mexican War. Griffiths plays Inez Scull, the Captain's sexy wife who doesn't hesitate to fill her time with other men when he's away from home. Wes Studi plays Comanche Chief Buffalo Hump."
Richard Pryor: Omit the Logic=2015-02-03="In the 1970s, Richard Pryor dropped like a bomb into the sanitized landscape of American television. Raised in his grandmother's Illinois bordello, he became famous for his expletive-filled stand-up routines about the black man trying to survive in the land of whiteys. His transition to television was stormy, and he had to battle to get every scene past the censors. The sacrifices he made to the white establishment contributed to a self-loathing that plagued him throughout adulthood. Seven marriages, and chronic drug abuse fueled endless media interest -- as did Pryor's setting himself on fire whilst freebasing cocaine. A string of friends including Whoopi Goldberg and Robin Williams recount how whenever Pryor was poised on the brink of mega success, his behavior would sabotage him -- for most people to understand the comic legend you need to ""omit the logic"". CN"
From Within=2009-03-31=The residents of a small American town begin to die one-by-one apparently by suicide...
Love=2005-04-21=Told through a looping, non-linear narrative from each of the characters' points of view, the film reconstructs the stories of a Yugoslav hit man, his former lover and her police officer boyfriend, as their paths cross in New York.
Anything Else=2003-08-27="Jerry Falk, an aspiring writer in New York, falls in love at first sight with a free-spirited young woman named Amanda  He has heard the phrase that life is like ""anything else,"" but soon he finds that life with the unpredictable Amanda isn't like anything else at all."
The Lodger=2009-01-14=Set in Los Angeles with two converging plot lines – The first involves an uneasy relationship between a psychologically unstable landlady and her enigmatic lodger – The second is about a troubled detective engaged in a cat-and-mouse game with the elusive killer.
Mumblecore=2011-06-19=A cronicle of Tao Lin and Megan Boyle's relationship filmed through a Macbook camera.
Kun taivas putoaa...=1972-03-10=A psychotherapist's life is wrecked when her private life is exposed in a sensation magazine.
The Bells of St. Mary's=1945-12-27=Father O'Malley the unconventional priest from 'Going My Way' continues his work for the Catholic Church. This time he is sent to St. Mary's, a run-down parochial school on the verge of condemnation. He and Sister Benedict work together in an attempt to save the school, though their differing methods often lead to good-natured disagreements.
Rangeela=1995-01-01=A poor young woman, who dreams of Bollywood fame, is caught in a love triangle between her childhood friend and a famous actor.
Lola=1961-03-03="Lola, is a 1961 film, the debut film directed by Jacques Demy as a tribute to director Max Ophüls and is described by Demy as a ""musical without music"". Anouk Aimée starred in the title role. The film was restored and re-released by Demy's widow, French filmmaker Agnès Varda."
Turbulence=1997-01-09=On a flight transporting dangerous convicts, murderer Ryan Weaver manages to break free and cause complete chaos throughout the plane. As various people on board fall victim to Weaver, it is ultimately down to flight attendant Teri Halloran to keep the aircraft from crashing, with on-ground support from an air traffic controller. While Halloran struggles to pilot the plane, Weaver continues to terrorize the surviving members of the crew.
A Time for Killing=1967-08-01=During the Civil War, Confederate soldiers escape from a Union prison and head for the Mexican border. Along the way, they kill a Union courier bearing the news that the war is over. Keeping the message a secret, the captain has his men go on and they soon find themselves in a battle with the Union search party who also is unaware of the war's end.
Lovelace=2013-08-08=Story of Linda Lovelace, who is used and abused by the porn industry at the behest of her coercive husband, before taking control of her life.
レイトン教授と永遠の歌姫=2009-12-01="Spinning off from the popular Professor Layton puzzle games, this movie brings Layton and his trusty assistant Luke to the big screen to allow fans to enjoy more of the same. At the beginning of the film Layton receives a letter from the famed opera singer, Jenice Kaitly, inviting them to see her newest performance. She also asks Layton, Luke, and Remi for assistance in a mystery, saying her friend Melina went missing one year ago but returned later as a seven year old girl saying she had found the secret of eternal life. Naturally, the case fascinates Layton and his apprentices, so they head to the Crown Petone opera house. When they arrive, something is very strange: the pianist, Ozro Vislar talks of a game, and the winner will win the ""eternal life."" It is up to Layton, Luke, and Remi to solve the mystery of the Eternal Diva before it is too late."
Eyes of an Angel=1991-07-26=John Travolta is a downtrodden single father raising his daughter under difficult circumstances in Chicago. The young girl comes upon and then nurses a wounded Doberman used for fighting, back to health. Duped by underworld types he was working as a courier for, father and daughter leave the dog and flee cross-country to Los Angeles with both canine and mobsters in pursuit.
Scooby-Doo! WrestleMania Mystery=2014-03-25="The mystery begins when Shaggy and Scooby win tickets to ""WrestleMania"" and convince the crew to go with them to WWE City. But this city harbors a spooky secret - a ghastly Ghost Bear holds the town in his terrifying grip! To protect the coveted WWE Championship Title, the gang gets help from WWE Superstars like John Cena, Triple H, Sin Cara, Brodus Clay, AJ Lee, The Miz and Kane. Watch Scooby and the gang grapple with solving this case before it's too late."
Michael Jordan: An American Hero=1999-04-18=Michael Jordan: An American Hero is an American television film that aired on April 18, 1999 on Fox. It stars Michael Jace as Michael Jordan.
Leviathan: The Story of Hellraiser and Hellbound: Hellraiser II=2015-06-18=Leviathan: The Story of Hellraiser and Hellbound: Hellraiser II is a feature length documentary uncovering the history and the making of Clive Barker's Hellraiser and Hellbound: Hellraiser II films.
구르믈 버서난 달처럼=2010-04-28=In the 16th century in Chosun dynasty, HWANG Jung-hak and LEE Mong-hak create the “Grand Alliance” with the united dream of a better world. While the new leader LEE dreams of eradicating this world of all its corruption and becoming king himself, the legendary blind swordsman HWANG who had once been his comrade goes after him with the loss of his good friend at the hands of LEE. Just as the king abandoned his kingdom from Japanese invasion, the two come face-to-face inside the empty palace and begin their last battle they were destined to fight.
The Enchanted Cottage=1945-04-28=A homely maid and a scarred ex-GI meet at the cottage where she works and where he was to spend his honeymoon prior to his accident. The two develop a bond and agree to marry, more out of loneliness than love. The romantic spirit of the cottage, however, overtakes them. They soon begin to look beautiful to each other, but no one else.
We of the Never Never=1982-11-04=Based on the well-loved Australian classic by Mrs. Aeneas Gunn, this is the remarkable true story of Jeannie Gunn, a woman who fought to overcome sexual and racial prejudice amid the harsh beauties of the outback. Leaving her Melbourne existence for a new life on her husband's isolated ranch, Jeannie's feisty, good-natured attitude soon wins over the misogynistic stockmen, but she faces a much tougher challenge in trying to change their racist attitudes towards the indigenous aboriginal population.
Coming Soon=1999-06-08=The trials and tribulations of wealthy young Manhattanites and their sexual coming of age, a romantic comedy set at an Upper East Side prep school.
Kapò=1960-09-27=A young Jewish girl leads an escape attempt from a concentration camp.
Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N.=1951-04-10=A naval adventure, based on the novels by C.S. Forester, about the heroic, 19th-century British seafarer. The story sails with his ship, the Lydia, through battles with Spain and then France won with wit rather than might.
Silent Night, Bloody Night=1972-11-01=A man inherits a mansion, which once was a mental home. He visits the place and begins to investigate some crimes that happened in old times, scaring the people living in the region.
The Intern=2000-01-21=A young, underappreciated intern at the ultra-hip magazine Skirt must learn to deal with kissy-face phoniness, model tantrums and bulimic editors, while trying to steal the heart of a dashing British art director from the grips of a supermodel.
Korkusuz=1986-06-12=A Turkish commando must infiltrate and capture a group of terrorists living in the mountains.
The Wizards Return: Alex vs. Alex=2013-03-15=The Russo family and friends are headed to Tuscany, Italy, to meet their long lost relatives... but when Alex tries to prove she's more than a seemingly carefree young Wizard, she inadvertently conjures a spell that creates a Good Alex and an Evil Alex. When Evil Alex gets roped into a charming young wizard's foreboding plan to take over the world, Good Alex must find a way to save her family and humankind, which leads to a monumental battle between the two versions of herself - all atop the Tower of Pisa.
岸辺の旅=2015-09-30=Mizuki’s husband Yusuke went missing for 3 years. He suddenly comes back home one day and asks Mizuki to go on a trip with him. Their trip consists of visiting the people that helped Yusuke on his previous travel. While travelling together, Misuki sees, touches and feels what Yusuke did for those 3 years.
Machines=2017-11-30=This portrayal of the rhythm of life and work in a gigantic textile factory in Gujarat, India, moves through the corridors and bowels of the enormously disorienting structure—taking the viewer on a journey of dehumanizing physical labor and intense hardship.
The Star Wars Holiday Special=1978-12-01=Luke Skywalker and Han Solo battle evil Imperial forces to help Chewbacca reach his imperiled family on the Wookiee planet - in time for Life Day, their most important day of the year!
The Crash=2017-01-13=In the not so distant future, a team of white collar criminals are enlisted by the Federal government to thwart a cyber-attack that threatens to bankrupt the United States of America.
Jimmy Carr: Laughing and Joking=2013-11-17=Following another stellar year for Jimmy Carr, his eighth live DVD  Laughing &amp; Joking is now here.  Touring to over 1.5 million people and hosting hit shows 8 Out of 10 Cats, 10 O'Clock Live and The Big Fat Quiz of the Year means that Jimmy knows a thing or two about making people laugh. The show is packed with one-liners, stories &amp; jokes. Some clever, some rude and a few totally unacceptable. Laughing &amp; Joking is a chance to see this award-winning comedian at his near-the-knuckle best.
A Home at the End of the World=2004-07-23=Three friends form a bond over the year, Johnathan is gay, Clare is straight and Bobby is neither, instead he loves the people he loves. As their lives go on there is tension and tears which culminate in a strong yet fragile friendship between the three.
Underclassman=2005-09-02=A young detective goes undercover at an elite private school to destroy an international stolen car ring.
Kidco=1984-04-13=A boy who lives at a country club where his father works decides to make some extra money by selling composted horse manure as fertilizer, and has his three sisters (two of which are older) join him in the enterprise. As their sales increase, they draw increased scrutiny from the IRS and state tax board, as well as the large scale competitor who seeks to put them out of business at any cost.
Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted=2012-06-06=Alex, Marty, Gloria and Melman are still trying to get back to the Big Apple and their beloved Central Park zoo, but first they need to find the penguins. When they travel to Monte Carlo, they attract the attention of Animal Control after gate crashing a party and are joined by the penguins, King Julian and Co., and the monkeys. How do a lion, zebra, hippo, giraffe, four penguins, two monkeys, three lemurs travel through Europe without attracting attention and get back to New York? They join a traveling circus. Their attempts to get back to New York are consistently hampered by the Captain of Animal Control who wants to make Alex part of her collection. Once they make it back to New York Marty, Alex, Gloria and Melman realize that they want to be part of the traveling circus.
Marmaduke=2010-06-04=When Phil and Debbie Winslow relocate from their native Kansas to the sunny climes of Orange County, their big-hearted, havoc-wreaking Great Dane gets a taste of the dog's life, California-style.
Blackout=2015-07-14=First responders, journalists, shop owners, those inside the pressure-packed control center of Con Edison on West End Avenue, and other New Yorkers tell about what happened when the lights went out on July 13, 1977.
The Green Hornet=1940-01-08=A newspaper publisher and his Korean servant fight crime as vigilantes who pose as a notorious masked gangster and his aide.
L'humanité=1999-05-17=When an 11-year-old girl is brutally raped and murdered in a quiet French village, a police detective who has forgotten how to feel emotions--because of the death of his own family in some kind of accident--investigates the crime, which turns out to ask more questions than it answers.
神さまの言うとおり=2014-11-15=Takahata Shun's day at high school begins just as normal and boring as ever, but it doesn't end that way. After his teacher's head explodes, he and his classmates find themselves forced to play children's games, such as Daruma ga Koronda (a game like Red Light/Green Light), with deadly stakes. With no idea who is behind this mysterious deadly game session, and no way of knowing when it will finally end, the only thing Shun and other students can do is keep trying to win…
I Am Evel Knievel=2014-09-10=I Am Evel Knievel features footage of Evels greatest jumps, including the seminal Snake River Canyon and Caesars Palace jumps. The film also showcases Knievels rise from a small town rebel in Butte, Montana, to a cultural icon whose rise to superstardom was built on nerves of steel and the ability to get up and do it again no matter the severity of the fall. He lived life like every day was his last, which led to a tumultuous life filled with stunts no man would ever dream of, encompassing meteoric success, wild hubris, egomaniacal mistakes, and ultimately redemption. The documentary combines original exclusive interviews with archival footage of this larger-than-life character to tell Knievels incredible story. Among those featured include Matthew McConaughey, Kid Rock, Michelle Rodriguez, Guy Fieri, Robbie Maddison and family members including sons Kelly and Robbie, and former wives Linda Knievel and Krystal Kennedy-Knievel.
Brain Donors=1992-04-17=Three manic idiots; a lawyer, cab driver and a handyman team up to run a ballet company to fulfill the will of a millionaire. Stooge-like antics result as the trio try to outwit the rich widow and her scheming big-shot lawyer, who also wants to run the ballet.
Venus=2006-09-02=Maurice is an aging veteran actor who becomes absolutely taken with Jessie - the grandniece of his closest friend. When Maurice tries to soften the petulant and provincial young girl with the benefit of his wisdom and London culture, their give-and-take surprises both Maurice and Jessie as they discover what they don't know about themselves.
Hero and the Terror=1988-08-26=Danny O'Brien is back in action fighting the notorious Simon Moon, also known as The Terror. Three years earlier O'Brien had single-handedly captured The Terror and was called Hero by the people of L.A. Now Simon has escaped and has started killing women again, and O'Brien is the only man who can stop him.
Man with the Gun=1955-11-05=A stranger comes to town looking for his estranged wife. He finds her running the local girls. He also finds a town and sheriff afraid of their own shadow, scared of a landowner they never see who rules through his rowdy sidekicks. The stranger is a town tamer by trade, and he accepts a $500 commission to sort things out.
Sept jours ailleurs=1969-08-29=A young composer is suffocating in his social and family life. He dreams of leaving and starting his life over somewhere else... Jacques goes on a tour of the provinces with a ballet troupe who dance to his music. They live in hotel rooms, train compartments, and dressing rooms where the excited dancers liven up the atmosphere. The girls, among themselves, describe their problems, experiences and hopes in their crude, colorful language. He falls madly in love with one dancer who is as distraught as he is. Maybe this is a way to find happiness again. But the tour comes to an end... It was just a 'brief encounter'. At the Gare de Lyon, Michèle, his wife, is waiting for him. Jacques lets Catherine go...
Pelmeni=2013-08-29=Two brothers are brought together again by the death of their father. They try to distract the mother from her loss by convincing her to make dumplings for them and their friends. They fake an enormous demand just to keep her busy, not knowing what to do with all the dumplings …
Helena from the Wedding=2010-11-12=Newlyweds Alex and Alice host a New Year's Eve party for their closest friends at a remote cabin in the mountains. However, when an unexpected guest shows up, the group's facades begin to crumble.
Like Father Like Son=1987-10-02=Dr. Jack Hammond has best chances to become medical superintendent in the clinic. So he's completely absorbed in his work and has no understanding for his teenage son Chris' problems with school. By accident one of them drinks a brain-exchanging serum, and it switches their identities. This leads of course to extraordinary complications in school and at work, but also to insight in the problems and feelings of each other.
La face cachée de la lune=2003-09-09=After the death of his mother, a man tries to discover a meaning to his life, to the universe and to rebuild a relationship with the only family he has left: his brother.
Oh, Hello: On Broadway=2017-06-13=Two delusional geriatrics reveal curious pasts, share a love of tuna and welcome a surprise guest in this filming of the popular Broadway comedy show.
Save the Last Dance=2001-01-12=A white midwestern girl moves to Chicago, where her new boyfriend is a black teen from the South Side with a rough, semi-criminal past.
