La giusta distanza=2007-10-19=The arrival of an attractive young teacher in a small town in the Po valley disturbs the drowsy life of the place, leading eventually to a murder.
Zohi Sdom=2010-08-05=When ancient Sodom is doomed to destruction due to its people's corrupt ways, Lot is the only righteous man destined to be spared.
The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training=1977-07-08=Sentimental sequel film finds the Bears, somehow, the little league champions of California. As a result, the team is invited to play a between-games exhibition at the Houston Astrodome with the local champs, the Toros. Kelly Leak, the Bears' star player, decides to rejoin the team and go with them to Houston to make amends with his estranged father, Mike
They All Laughed=1981-01-01=A mad cap private-eye caper about a team of detectives who are following, and are being followed by, a group of beautiful women.
Sang Penari=2011-11-10=Sang Penari is a love story that takes place in a poor Javanese village, Dukuh Paruk, in the mid 1960s. Rasus, a young military officer, is looking for the love of his life, Srintil. They are separated by the darkest period in Indonesian history.  Srintil and Rasus have loved each other their whole life. But Srintil's gift is driving them apart, when the village elders see her magical dance as a sign of the indang, a spirit that can befall only a real ronggeng. And they believe that a dancer bestowed with the indang will lead them to order and prosperity. A belief strongly embraced by Srintil, but abhorred by Rasus, because this means Srintil will never only be his.  Robbed of his love, he leaves the village in desperation to become a soldier.  As the country sinks into political turmoil, Rasus has to choose between his loyalty to his country and his love for Srintil. Their love is tested as they find themselves on opposite sides of history.
Mirror Mirror=1990-10-19=Shy teenager Megan moves to a new town with her widowed mother and quickly becomes the most unpopular girl in high school. But when she starts to communicate with a mysterious mirror, her tormentors begin to meet with a horrifying series of 'accidents'. Is the mirror a reflection of Megan's own inner demons... or has she unwittingly opened the doorway of the damned?
Prince Among Slaves=2008-02-04=Abdul Rahman, an African prince who was sold into slavery, spent four decades in servitude before an amazing coincidence took him to the White House to meet President John Quincy Adams, where he was granted his freedom. Mos Def narrates this PBS documentary that includes reenactments of scenes from Rahman's life and interviews with historians who discuss the conditions faced by slaves in early America.
Rendition=2007-09-07="When an Egyptian terrorism suspect ""disappears"" on a flight from Africa to Washington DC, his American wife and a CIA analyst find themselves caught up in a struggle to secure his release from a secret detention facility somewhere outside the US."
Charlie & Boots=2009-09-03=Paul Hogan plays Charlie McFarland and Shane Jacobson plays his estranged son, Boots. After a family tragedy Charlie and Boots try and put their differences aside and head off on the road trip of a lifetime - from regional Victoria to the Cape York Peninsula - they overcome many challenges to reach their dream - to fish off the northern most tip of Australia.
Bad Company=2002-06-07=When a Harvard-educated CIA agent is killed during an operation, the secret agency recruits his twin brother.
Creative Control=2016-03-11=Smooth advertising executive David is in a relationship with yoga teacher Juliette. Then his eye is caught by Sophie, the girlfriend of his best friend Wim, a fashion photographer. Things get completely out of hand during a campaign for augmented reality-glasses, for which David designs an avatar of the coveted Sophie.
Wakko's Wish=1999-12-20=Steven Spielberg Presents Animaniacs: Wakko's Wish, usually referred to as Wakko's Wish is a 1999 American direct-to-video animated tragicomedy film based on the Warner Bros. 1993-98 animated series, Animaniacs, and also the swan song to the series. The film relocates all the Animaniacs characters to a quasi-medieval fairy tale world and portrays their race to find the wishing star that will grant them a wish. While the film was released during the Christmas season, the holiday is not a factor in its plot, though the events do take place during winter.
The Chalk Garden=1964-04-02=A grandmother seeks a governess for her 16 year old granddaughter, Laurel, who manages to drive away each and every one so far by exposing their past, with a record of three in one week! When an applicant with a mysterious past manages to get the job, Laurel vows to expose her. Meanwhile, Laurel's married-divorced-married mother tries to get her back.
Loreak=2014-10-10=Ane is in her mid-forties and delighted when a stunning bouquet of flowers is delivered to her home. But the site manager has no idea who to thank – one thing is for sure; her jealous husband, Ander, is not the unknown cavalier. As these gallantries increase, always on a Thursday and always with an anonymous sender, Ane’s life takes on a new direction. The life of Lourdes is also sent into turmoil by beautiful bouquets of flowers: Since the death of her husband in a traffic accident, flowers have been deposited regularly at the scene. Lourdes’ mother-in-law, Tere, is determined to get to the bottom of the anonymous flowers. Jon Garaño and José Mari Goenaga’s feature film debut pays charming homage to three headstrong women and the power of flowers.
A Haunted House=2013-01-11="A spoof of all the ""found-footage/documentary style"" films released in recent years."
From Hell It Came=1957-08-25=A wrongfully accused South Seas prince is executed, and returns as a walking tree stump.
Paris, je t'aime=2006-05-16=Olivier Assayas, Gus Van Sant, Wes Craven and Alfonso Cuaron are among the 20 distinguished directors who contribute to this collection of 18 stories, each exploring a different aspect of Parisian life. The colourful characters in this drama include a pair of mimes, a husband trying to chose between his wife and his lover, and a married man who turns to a prostitute for advice.
Assault on Precinct 13=1976-11-05=The lone inhabitants of an abandoned police station are under attack by the overwhelming numbers of a seemingly unstoppable street gang.
Dolores Claiborne=1995-03-24=Dolores Claiborne was accused of killing her abusive husband twenty years ago, but the court's findings were inconclusive and she was allowed to walk free. Now she has been accused of killing her employer, Vera Donovan, and this time there is a witness who can place her at the scene of the crime. Things look bad for Dolores when her daughter Selena, a successful Manhattan magazine writer, returns to cover the story.
Si je t'aime, prends garde à toi=1998-05-26="Muriel, a writer nearing 50 whose older lover won't live with her in Paris, meets a man on a train - Samuel, an Arab. He's attracted to her and pursues her, dropping in, asserting himself. She's willing to connect. He's passionate, then boorish, then jealous and possessive. He seems fixed on ""Who's the strongest?,"" while she wants respect and trust. She's self-possessed as well as sexually charged, willing to laugh, and alternately firm and forgiving. He has little money, no immigration papers, few prospects, and a gambling jag. What does each want, and why does she stick with it? Is this colonial strife, war between the sexes, or a love story?"
Jo pour Jonathan=2011-03-18=Jo lives in the shadow of his older brother. Amidst a world of delinquency, they become interested in illegal car racing. One night they participate in of them, never reaching the finish line. Jo will become Jonathan.
Cookie's Fortune=1999-01-22=Conflict arises in the small town of Holly Springs when an old woman's death causes a variety of reactions among family and friends.
Burning Secret=1988-12-23=Burning Secret is a 1988 drama film, based on the short story Brennendes Geheimnis by Stefan Zweig, about an American diplomat's son who befriends a mysterious baron while staying at an Austrian spa during the 1920s. The film was written and directed by Andrew Birkin.
Shared Rooms=2016-05-14=A new romantic comedy feature film that brings together three interrelated tales of gay men seeking family, love and sex during the holiday season.
Les herbes folles=2009-05-20=Marguerite loses her wallet, and it's found by Georges, a seemingly happy head of family. As he looks through the wallet and examines the photos of Marguerite, he finds he's fascinated with her and her life, and soon his curiosity about her becomes an obsession.
Almost Heroes=1998-05-29=Two hapless explorers lead an ill-fated 1804 expedition through the Pacific Northwest in a hopeless, doomed effort to reach the Pacific Ocean before Lewis and Clark.
Boogie-Doodle=1940-01-01="An animation film, made without the use of a camera, in which ""boogie"" played by Albert Ammons and ""doodle"" drawn by Norman McLaren combine to make a rhythmic, brightly colored film experiment. The main title is in eight languages."
Party Girl=1958-10-28=Slick lawyer Thomas Farrell has made a career of defending mobsters in trials. It's not until he meets a lovely showgirl at a mob party that he realizes that there's more to life then winning trials. Farrell tries to quit the racket, but mob boss Rico Angelo threatens to hurt the showgirl if Farrell leaves him.
All Good Things=2010-12-03=Newly-discovered facts, court records and speculation are used to elaborate the true love story and murder mystery of the most notorious unsolved murder case in New York history.
Dirty Pretty Things=2002-09-05=An urban hotel in London is a gathering and flash point for legal and illegal immigrants attempting to cobble together their lives in a new country. The immigrants include Senay, a Turkish woman, and a Nigerian doctor named Okwe who is working as a night porter at the hotel. The pair discover the hotel is a front for all sorts of clandestine activities. Their only wish is to avoid possible deportation. Okwe becomes more entangled in the goings on when he is called to fix a toilet in one of the rooms. He discovers the plumbing has been clogged by a human heart.
A Midsummer Night's Dream=1999-04-25=Shakespeare's comedy about two couples in love with the wrong partners, and how they are finally brought together rightly, thanks in part to the bungling work of Puck. It is completely in the language of the Bard, with Pfeiffer as the Fairy Queen and Kline as the one turned into her evening's lover with donkey ears.
Air Force=1943-03-20=The crew of an Air Force bomber arrives in Pearl Harbor in the aftermath of the Japanese attack and is sent on to Manila to help with the defense of the Philippines.
End of the World=2013-02-22=In End of the World, the fate of humanity lies in the hands of two guys who run a video rental store and are “sci-fi obsessed” movie fans.  And who better to save the world, than guys who have seen all the movies and all the “out there” ways to save it!?
Снежная королева 3. Огонь и лед=2016-12-29=After heroically defeating both the Snow Queen and the Snow King, Gerda still cannot find peace. Her dream is to find her parents who were once taken away from them by the North Wind and finally reunite the family. Thus, Gerda and her friends embark on an exiting journey to find her parents and encounter new challenges along the way: they discover an ancient magical artifact of the trolls, the Stone of Fire and Ice. From that moment on, things don't go according to the initial plan...Will Gerda be able to tame the mighty forces of the magical elements and get her family back? The answer will be reveled in 2016. This is a story which encompasses everything you love about Wizart: kindness, bravery, friendship, mystery, love of one's family, and a happy ending, of course!
The War Between Men and Women=1972-06-01="2 quirky Manhattanites crash into each other cute at an ophthalmologist's office. Peter is a grouchy cartoonist/author whose vision is failing, divorced mother Theresa is also reluctant to plunge into a relationship right now. It's not love at first sight - both have their eyes dilated, plus Peter constantly lampoons women in his work, which book seller Theresa knows well. Loosely based on James Thurber's drawings ""The War Between Men &amp; Women,"" and Thurber's life, the film features animated sequences."
Todos mienten=2009-03-28=A group of girls and boys in their twenties settle in a country house that seems completely isolated from civilization. One of them writes a novel while the others try to become a gang and prepare a robbery; some fall in love, or seem to be, or believe (or say) they are in love. But these two, three, ten plot lines unfold from what the characters hide or just don’t know, connecting the writing of the novel and the forming of the gang, and the past of two of the characters with that of the house, and of those who perhaps were the two most bitter enemies of nineteenth century Argentine history.
Tu seras mon fils=2011-08-23=Paul de Marseul, a prestigious wine-maker and owner of a renowned chateau and vineyard in Saint-Emilion, is disheartened by the notion of his son Martin taking over the family business. Martin does not seem to have inherited the qualities that Paul esteems in a wine-maker: persistence, creative insight and technical prowess matched with passion for the job and the product, and Paul frequently reminds him of this, whether explicitly or in subtle gestures. When Philippe, the son of his manager, appears at the vineyard, Paul leaps at the chance to name him as his successor, neglecting the wishes of his own son...
Le Rebelle=1980-11-12=A young rebel tries to change his ways in order to provide for his sister.
Bill Bailey: Tinselworm=2008-11-10=A visually stunning comedy and music extravaganza. Filmed at Wembley Arena at the end of a sell-out tour of the UK, it’s everything you expect from Bill, and more. Using huge screens, films and animation by award-winning film-maker Joe Magee, plus Bill’s trademark musical inventiveness and verbal brilliance, this is quite simply the most
The Hive=2015-09-14=An amnesiac must reach back into his mind for memories that will help him save the love of his life before a virus completely takes over.
He Ran All The Way=1951-06-19=A crook on the run hides out in an innocent girl's apartment.
Lorna=1964-09-11=Lorna has been married to Jim for a year, but still hasn't been satisfied sexually. While Jim is working at the salt mine, she is raped by an escaped convict, but falls in lust with him. Meanwhile Jim's buddies are giving him a hard time about Lorna's supposed infidelity, not realizing how close to the mark they really are. Trouble starts when Jim gets home early from work because it's their anniversary.
Seijû gakuen=1974-02-16=After the mysterious death of her mother, a young woman chooses to enter a convent to find out what happened. As soon as the door closes to the nunnery, the nuns start torturing the woman. Also, the woman has to deal with a God-hating archbishop and a lesbian mother superior.
Shark Killer=2015-03-23=The services of shark killer have been engaged by his brother Jake, the head of a West Coast crime ring. The gig: kill the black-finned shark that swallowed a valuable diamond during a gang transaction.
Amanece, que no es poco=1989-01-17=Theodore, a young Spanish engineer who works as a professor at the University of Oklahoma, returned to Spain to enjoy a sabbatical year. Upon arrival, he discovers that his father killed his mother and, to compensate for the loss, he bought a motorcycle with sidecar to travel together. Father and son arrive in a remote mountain village seems empty, what happens is that all residents are in church every day, because the Mass is a true spectacle. Jimmy and Theodore are discovering the peculiarities of the people, attend the elections held each year to appoint mayor, priest, teacher, bitch ... In addition, the town has come a group of students at the American University of Eaton, a Belgian meteorologists, a dissident group of the Russian Army Choir, invading people's hidden above ...
Mariken=2000-12-07=A family film, based on a well-known Dutch story from the Middle Ages. Mariken tells the compelling and poetic story of spirited young girl named Mariken. The orphan Mariken lives in a secluded forest with an eccentric old hermit. One day, she decides to leave her surroundings and sets off for town to buy a new goat. On her adventurous journey into the 'real' world, she finds out about the good and bad sides of people.
Trek Nation=2011-11-30="Trek Nation is a documentary film directed by Scott Colthorp examining the positive impact that Star Trek and creator Gene Roddenberry may have had on people's lives as seen through the eyes of his son, Eugene Roddenberry, Jr. (""Rod""). It includes interviews with castmembers and crew from all five Star Trek shows, as well as various fans and celebrities who were markedly influenced by the show while growing up. Rod Roddenberry also visits Skywalker Ranch to interview George Lucas on the influence that Star Trek had on him. Lucas shares how he had gone to Star Trek conventions prior to creating Star Wars."
Cane e gatto=1983-02-11=L.A.P.D. Captain Parker finally is going on Holiday with all his family. At the last moment he has to cancel the program to re-capture a pilferer named Tony Roma, bad copy of a Latin lover. He use to seduce older women and then steals their jewelry. Parker is close to sort the case out when Roma is witness of a Mafia murder. Parker Holiday flies away.
Mosquinha=1890-03-09=Shot of the flight of a fly.
Gorillas in the Mist=1988-09-23=The story of Dian Fossey, a scientist who came to Africa to study the vanishing mountain gorillas, and later fought to protect them.
The Doctor and the Devils=1985-10-04=Grave robbers supply a doctor with bodies to test on.
Multiplicity=1996-07-19=Construction worker Doug Kinney finds that the pressures of his working life, combined with his duties to his wife Laura and daughter Jennifer leaves him with little time for himself. However, he is approached by geneticist Dr. Owen Leeds, who offers Doug a rather unusual solution to his problems: cloning.
Parole Girl=1933-03-04=A wrongly convicted woman tries to make amends after getting out of prison.
Computer Beach Party=1987-01-01="Greedy locals are trying to turn some beach property into a tourist attraction, and a computer expert sets out to use is knowledge of computers--along with the help of several local ""beach bunnies""--to stop them."
Klondike Kate=1943-12-17=A young man in Alaska finds himself accused of murder, and must fight to clear his name.
The Fly=1958-07-16=In Montreal, the industrial François Delambre is called late night by his sister-in-law Helene Delambre. She tells him that she has just killed her beloved husband Andre Delambre, using the press of their plant to press his head and left hand. François calls his acquaintance, Inspector Charas, and later the reluctant Helene is convinced to tell them what happened. She explains that Andre had invented a matter transportation apparatus, and while experimenting with himself, a fly entered the chamber, exchanging one hand and the head with him after the transference.
I'm Still Here=2010-09-10=I'm Still Here is a portrayal of a tumultuous year in the life of actor Joaquin Phoenix. With remarkable access, the documentary follows the Oscar-nominee as he announces his retirement from a successful film career in the fall of 2008 and sets off to reinvent himself as a hip-hop musician. The film is a portrait of an artist at a crossroads and explores notions of courage and creative reinvention, as well as the ramifications of a life spent in the public eye.
Kruh in mleko=2001-03-31=Ivan is released a day early from a treatment programme for alcoholics due to a doctors' strike. He returns to his wife Sonja and his sixteen year old son Robi. The first afternoon he spends at home is very pleasant. The next morning Sonja sends Ivan to a shop to get bread and milk. On the way back Ivan runs into Armando, his high school classmate, and through their conversation at a bar, Ivan finds out that long before Sonja became his wife, Armando spent a night with her. Ivan has his first drop of the hard stuff...Kruh in mleko is a bitter-sweet tale of loneliness, estrangement and the glowing embers of love, where there once used to be a fire.
Trumbo=2007-09-10=Through a focus on the life of Dalton Trumbo (1905-1976), this film examines the effects on individuals and families of a congressional pursuit of Hollywood Communists after World War II. Trumbo was one of several writers, directors, and actors who invoked the First Amendment in refusing to answer questions under oath. They were blacklisted and imprisoned. We follow Trumbo to prison, to exile in Mexico with his family, to poverty, to the public shunning of his children, to his writing under others' names, and to an eventual but incomplete vindication. Actors read his letters; his children and friends remember and comment. Archive photos, newsreels and interviews add texture. Written by
Norm of the North=2016-01-14="The stereoscopic 3D animated family film ""Norm"" tells the story of the titular polar bear and his three Arctic lemming buddies, who are forced out into the world once their icy home begins melting and breaking apart. Landing in New York, Norm begins life anew as a performing corporate mascot, only to discover that his new employers are directly responsible for the destruction of his polar home."
Paranoid Park=2007-05-21=The teenager and skateboarder Alex is interviewed by Detective Richard Lu that is investigating the death of a security guard in the rail yards severed by a train who was apparently hit by a skate board. While dealing with the separation process of his parents and the sexual heat of his virgin girlfriend Jennifer, Alex writes his last experiences in Paranoid Park with his new acquaintances and how the guard was killed, trying to relieve his feeling of guilty from his conscience.
Arsenic and Old Lace=1944-09-23=Mortimer Brewster is a newspaperman and author known for his diatribes against marriage. We watch him being married at city hall in the opening scene. Now all that is required is a quick trip home to tell Mortimer's two maiden aunts. While trying to break the news, he finds out his aunts' hobby; killing lonely old men and burying them in the cellar. It gets worse.
The Nile Hilton Incident=2017-07-12=In Cairo, weeks before the 2011 revolution, Police Detective Noredin is working in the infamous Kasr el-Nil Police Station when he is handed the case of a murdered singer. He soon realizes that the investigation concerns the power elite, close to the President’s inner circle.
Touchback=2011-04-13=A former high-school football star loses his shot at a college scholarship due to a devastating gridiron injury, but gets a second chance at living his dream.
Mondo=1995-06-01=Mondo is a homeless young boy, with a big smile, who wanders around Nice looking for food and a place to sleep.
रेस 2=2013-01-25=Ranveer Singh (Saif Ali Khan) travels to exotic locales and confronts the Turkish mafia on a mission to avenge the death of his lover Sonia in this action-packed sequel. In the process of seeking her killers, Ranveer crosses Armaan Mallick (John Abraham) and Aleena (Deepika Padukone) -- two of the most feared figures in the Turkish underworld. Meanwhile, Ranveer's loyal friend RD (Anil Kapoor) and his new partner Cherry (Amisha Patel) offer a helping hand in a world where love is cheap and trust is a luxury most agents can't afford.
The Discovery of Heaven=2001-10-01=Disappointed with humanity, God wants to revoke his contract with humanity and wants to take back the stone tablets containing the ten commandments. To this end an angel is sent out to affect the personal lives of three humans so an appropriate child may be conceived.
Class of Nuke 'Em High 2: Subhumanoid Meltdown=1991-01-01=The class of nuke 'em high is back, and this time they're in college! Tromaville's nuclear factory has been rebuilt and now includes the Tromaville institute of technology. Located inside the nuclear plant, Tromaville Tech is where Prof. Holt has perfected Sub-humanoids.... Living beings without emotions, who have been genetically programmed to perform menial tasks. When school reporter Roger Smit
Sharkman=2001-01-01=In his world Sharkman is a superhero. In our world... not so much!
G.I. Joe: The Movie=1987-08-01=G.I. Joe faces a new enemy as an ancient society of snake people known as Cobra-La try to forcefully take back the earth from those who drove them underground eons ago.
The Moment After 2: The Awakening=2006-05-28="In The New World Order, who can you trust? Religious ""fanatics""? The government? Ragtag militia? Religious ""fanatics""?After a dramatic escape from death row, former FBI agent Adam Riley (David A.R. White) reunites with his friend and mentor Jacob Krause (Brad Heller) leader of The Way, and his small remnant of Christians. Little do they know the forces out for their destruction. Global Alliance leader Commander Fredericks (Monte Perlin) has forced Adam's former partner Charles Baker (Kevin Downes) to hunt them down while a ragtag militia, led by ""Captain"" Jackson (Lonnie Colon), spy on them for their own gain. As events lead to an explosive confrontation, all will be forced to an awakening of the real struggle... for their very souls."
Приключения Шерлока Холмса и доктора Ватсона: Король шантажа=1980-01-01=Mycroft Holmes hands Sherlock Holmes the case of the Master Blackmailer.
Bíódagar=1994-06-30=This Icelandic tale, loosely based on the real-life experiences of director Fridrik Fridriksson tells the saga of a boyhood spent in Iceland in the 1960s.
응징자=2013-10-30=Back in his high school days, Joon-Seok (Joo Sang-Wook) was bullied by Chang-Sik (Yang Dong-Geun). Because of this, Joon-Seok's high school days were like a nightmare. Now, Joon-Seok finds it difficult to live a normal life due to the bullying. Meanwhile, Chang-Sik, who has forgotten what he did to Jeon-Seok, lives a relatively happy life. He is about to marry Ji-Hee (Lee Tae-Im). Joon-Seok will pay him back for all the misery.
Gorp=1980-05-01=Gorp is a delighfully silly send up of summer camp movies. It is set in a Catskills style resort for wealty Jewish kids. The main source of plot movement is from the following elements: camp waiters vs. camp management; camp guests vs. waiters; waiters vs. waiters. There are many memorable moments from young actors who later became major stars.
Geschichte der Nacht=1979-11-30=It’s a black-and-white record of European cities in the dark (2-5am), from Basle to Belfast. Quiet, and meditative, what emerges most strongly is an eerie sense of city landscapes as deserted film sets, in which the desolate architecture overwhelms any sense of reality. The only reassurance that we are not in some endless machine-Metropolis is the shadow of daytime activity: a juggernaut plunging through a darkened village, a plague of small birds in the predawn light. The whole thing is underscored by a beautiful ‘composed’ soundtrack, from quietly humming streetlights to reggae and the rumble of armoured cars in Belfast. A strange and remarkable combination of dream, documentary and science-fiction.
Invitation to a Gunfighter=1964-10-14=When Confederate soldier Matt Weaver returns to town after the Civil War, he finds that his home has been sold by town boss Sam Brewster. Brewster hires gunfighter Jules Gaspard d'Estaing to deal with Weaver, but d'Estaing's independent approach settles the town's problems in a very unorthodox manner.
LEGO DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League vs. Bizarro League=2015-02-10=Superman’s clone, Bizarro, has become an embarrassing problem. Chaos and destruction follow Bizarro everywhere as he always hears the opposite of what is said, says the opposite of what he means and does the opposite of what is right. And when the citizens of Metropolis keep confusing Bizarro with Superman, the Man of Steel decides it’s time to find a new home for him…on another planet! It’s up to the Justice League to come to terms with their backward counterparts and team up with them to stop Darkseid and save the galaxy!
Sacro GRA=2013-09-19=After the India of Varanasi’s boatmen, the American desert of the dropouts, and the Mexico of the killers of drugtrade, Gianfranco Rosi has decided to tell the tale of a part of his own country, roaming and filming for over two years in a minivan on Rome’s giant ring road—the Grande Raccordo Anulare, or GRA—to discover the invisible worlds and possible futures harbored in this area of constant turmoil. Elusive characters and fleeting apparitions emerge from the background of the winding zone: a nobleman from the Piemonte region and his college student daughter sharing a one-room efficiency in a modern apartment building along the GRA.
The Blues Brothers=1980-06-17=Jake Blues is just out of jail, and teams up with his brother, Elwood on a 'mission from God' to raise funds for the orphanage in which they grew up. The only thing they can do is do what they do best – play music – so they get their old band together and they're on their way, while getting in a bit of trouble here and there.
BookWars=2000-03-11=An insider's look at the gritty streets of New York City, seen through the eyes of street booksellers.
The Boys=1998-05-07=Brett Sprague is a violent and psychopathic man, who is released on parole after serving a sentence for assault. As he returns to his family house and we watch him and his brothers, Stevie and Glenn, for the next 24 hours, it becomes clear this day will not end well.
The Vatican Tapes=2015-07-24=In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious phenomena they feel the world is not ready to see. This is the first tape - Case 83-G - stolen from these archives and exposed to the public by an anonymous source.
Redemption=2013-10-11=On January 21, 1975, in a village in the north of Portugal, a child writes to his parents who are in Angola to tell them how sad Portugal is. On July 13, 2011, in Milan, an old man remembers his first love. On May 6, 2012, in Paris, a man tells his baby daughter that he will never be a real father. During a wedding ceremony on September 3, 1977 in Leipzig, the bride battles against a Wagner opera that she can’t get out of her head.  But where and when have these four poor devils begun searching for redemption?
BALLAD 名もなき恋のうた=2009-09-05=Based on the plot of an award-winning Crayon Shin-chan animated movie from 2002, a boy named Shinichi (Takei) does the time-traveling and meets a feared general named Ijiri Matabei (Kusanagi). Ijiri is in love with Princess Ren (Aragaki) who subsequently rejects an arranged marriage to Okura Itakatora (Osawa), a powerful daimyo of northern Kanto. Enraged by the rejection, Okura sends a large army to Ijiri's smaller state and it's up to Shinichi to change their destiny.
Amityville II: The Possession=1982-09-24=The Lutz family have managed to flee their home with their lives intact, but before them, another family lived in this house and were caught up in the original evil who weren't so lucky...
Candy Stripe Nurses=1974-05-01=Young, sexy nurses and their hospital adventures.
Vozmezdie=1967-06-06="The continuation of a story started by Alexander Stolper epic movie ""Zhivye i Myortvye""."
Double Wedding=2010-07-20=Two sisters, no love lives. Both end up dating the same man, and inviting him to meet the family on December 17th. He doesn’t know there are two sisters or that he committed to two different dates on the same day.
The Godless Girl=1929-03-31=High school students led by the Girl and Boy turn from Christianity toward secret atheistic meetings. When a girl is accidentally killed by a stairway collapse, the Girl and Boy go to reform school where they are treated brutally.
The Batman Superman Movie: World's Finest=1998-08-18=Joker goes to Metropolis with an offer and plan to kill Superman for Lex Luthor while Batman pursues the clown to Superman's turf
Molokai: The Story of Father Damien=2002-06-20=The true story of the 19th century Belgian priest, Father Damien, who volunteered to go to the island of Molokai, to console and care for the lepers.
Some Body=2001-01-19=Culled from the real life experiences of its star/co-writer/producer Stephanie Bennett, and starring some of her real life ex-lovers, this is the story of Samantha (Bennett), a twenty-something Los Angeles schoolteacher, searching for excitement and an elusive happiness.
Pahan kukat=2016-06-14=Unrest breaks out in eastern Helsinki as a Finnish family man gets hospitalized in the summer of 2015. Gangs of young people are burning down cars and public buildings, confronting the security guards and the riot police. The narrative goes backwards, towards the riots which mark the end of our movie. As the story begins, the unrest is still bubbling under, ready to explode any time. Vandalism and robbery are not uncommon in the suburbs; neither is violence towards the police and the security guards. Frustration, alienation, isolation and poverty corrode the asphalt surface of the multicultured society, otherwise relatively harmonious.
Honeymoon Hotel=1964-06-03=A man left at the alter goes on his honeymoon trip anyway, taking his best man along instead.
Ilsa, the Tigress of Siberia=1977-09-29="Siberia 1953: Ilsa is now working in a Gulag prison camp. Her mission is to ""retrain the minds"" of those who don't agree with the communists."
Bad Night=2015-07-21=When Kate and Abby are mistaken for famous art thieves, their fun night out quickly goes from good to bad.
Avalon=2001-01-20=In a future world, young people are increasingly becoming addicted to an illegal (and potentially deadly) battle simulation game called Avalon. When Ash, a star player, hears of rumors that a more advanced level of the game exists somewhere, she gives up her loner ways and joins a gang of explorers. Even if she finds the gateway to the next level, will she ever be able to come back to reality?
Cell 213=2011-06-10=Cocky young attorney Michael Gray finds himself framed for murder when an inmate he is defending violently kills himself during their interview at South River State Penitentiary. Now locked in the same nightmarish Cell 213 where his client died, he soon realizes that unnatural forces are behind a string of inmate suicides, making matters of guilt and innocence not as cut and dry as they seem.
천군=2005-06-14=Heaven's Soldiers is a 2005 film from South Korea, directed by Min Joon Gi. It is an action and humorous movie shifting back and forth between high tension and comedy, and combining elements of many genres such as war films, time travel and historical drama.
Fame=2009-01-01=An updated version of the 1980 musical, which centered on the students of the New York Academy of Performing Arts.
9500 Liberty=2009-11-15="""When Prince William experienced a major building boom in the 1990s, a shortage of labor created a demand for workers, which led to an increase in the Latino population. Some of the newcomers were legal immigrants. Some were not. A blogger named Greg Letiecq began to write about his unhappiness with hearing Spanish spoken in public places. Finding an audience, he fomented about rising crime rates, rising taxes to pay for services for the newcomers, overcrowded dwellings, music played too loud, fast driving, and so on. He included Latino crime reports from the local police blotter. He even claimed armed members of the Mexican revolutionary group Zapatistas were moving to Prince William County."" - Roger Ebert"
Djävulens öga=1960-10-17=The devil has a stye in his eye, caused by the purity of a vicar's daughter. To get rid of it, he sends Don Juan up from hell to seduce the 20 year old Britt-Marie and to rob her of her virginity and her belief in love. She however can resist him and things get even turned around when Don Juan falls in love with her. The fact that he feels love for the first time now, makes him even less attractive to her and Don Juan returns to hell.
銀色の髪のアギト=2006-01-07=It is 300 years into the future. Earth's environment had been devastated by mankind's own foolish plans and humankind is beleaguered by the sentient forests which they have awoken. The world balance is tipped when a young boy named Agito stumbles across a machine that glowed in a strange blue hue inside a forbidden sanctuary.
Blondes at Work=1938-02-05=Steve promises his captain not to favor Torchy with stories over other papers but becomes frustrated as to how she continues to scoop her rivals.
Vollidiot=2007-04-11=Based on Tommy Jaud's bestselling novel, this comedy focuses on a dispassionate clerk and his set-backs in life. 29-year-old Simon works in a phone shop, but his thoughts just circle around finding a new girl-friend after being left by his last one year ago. While his Croatian cleaner tries to procure him, his efforts to chat up women in clubs also fail. However, he finds the woman of his dreams (and mother of their future children) in his most hated coffee shop, although not having a clue how to win her heart...
Easy=2003-09-10=Quirky Jamie Harris (Marguerite Moreau) has a big problem: She's a magnet for less-than-kind men as she hops beds. But things start to look up when she becomes the object of affection of two seemingly normal guys, Mick (Brian O'Byrne) and John (Naveen Andrews). Unfortunately, there's the immense problem of her self-imposed 90-day moratorium on sex. Emily Deschanel co-stars as Jamie's sister, Laura.
Continental Divide=1981-09-18=A hard-nosed Chicago journalist has an unlikely love affair with an eagle researcher.
Saratoga=1937-07-23=A horse breeder's (Lionel Barrymore) granddaughter (Jean Harlow) falls in love with a gambler (Clark Gable) in Saratoga Springs, N.Y.
The Dudesons Movie=2006-03-31="""The Dudesons Movie"" is an extreme stunts comedy that features the wild antics of four hilarious, lifelong friends and their crazy lives in the Arctic Circle."
The Brother from Another Planet=1984-09-07=An alien slave crashes lands in New York city while being pursued by two Men in Black bounty hunters. His attempt to find a place for himself on earth parallels that of the immigrant experience.
Die Welt=2013-01-24=Die Welt is an audacious hybrid between fiction and documentary, showing contemporary Tunisia shortly after the Jasmine revolution in 2011.
The Music Man=1962-06-19=A con man comes to an Iowa town with a scam using a boy's marching band program, but things don't go according to plan.
King and Country=1964-09-05=During World War I a British soldier, charged with desertion, is defended by an officer who at first despises his actions and then grows to feel sympathy for him.
Premutos - Der gefallene Engel=1997-01-01=Premutos is the first of the fallen Angels, even before Lucifer. His Goal is to rule the world, the living and the dead. His son should pave the way for him and appears arbitrary throughout human history and is then recognized as some kind of monster. In the present time, a young man living in Germany begins to suffer from visionary flashbacks - of the lives he lived in the past as Premutos' son! He remembers how he appeared in the middle age, when mankind suffered from pestilence and during WWII in Russia. On his (earthly) father's birthday, a case containing some strange old book and a yellow potion is found in their garden, which was hidden by some peasant in 1943, who experimented with witchery in order to re-animate his deceased wife. Whe the young man gets in touch with the book and some of the yellow potion, he mutates into a monster and awakens an army of zombies, ready to bring back the fallen Angel Premutos and to disturb the little birthday party
The Mountain Road=1960-06-15=In 1944, in eastern part of China, U.S.Army Major Baldwin and his volunteer team of demolition engineers are left behind the retreating Chinese forces. Their task is to slow down the Japanese advance into eastern China by blowing up bridges, roads, airfields and munitions dumps. They start by blowing up an American airfield and ammo dump. They receive the order to destroy a vital bridge over a mountain pass.The team uses a few army trucks to move around. At the bridge, they encounter a Nationalist Chinese Army unit in charge of guarding the bridge. Thanks to an American soldier who speaks some Chinese, Major Baldwin requests the permission, from the Chinese commander, to blow up the bridge.The Chinese colonel agrees but asks the American Major to do him a favor by also destroying a munitions dump located at some distance away.He also requests that Madame Sue-Mei Hung, the widow of a Chinese colonel, be transported by the American demolition team to the nearest major town.
La Famille Bélier=2014-12-17=The whole Bélier family is deaf, except for sixteen year old Paula who is the important translator in her parents' day to day life especially when it comes to matters concerning the family farm. When her music teacher discovers she has a fantastic singing voice and she gets an opportunity to enter a big Radio France contest the whole family's future is set up for big changes.
Primos=2011-02-04=Three cousins travel to the village where they spent summer vacations as kids.
Treading Water=2001-06-15=Casey (Angela Redman) has rejected her privileged upbringing and restores old boats for a living. She lives a cozy life with her beautiful social worker girlfriend Alex (super sexy Nina Landey) until her stuffy family demands that she come home for Christmas – without Alex.Casey is a longshorewoman who seems to have everything she wants; she and her girlfriend Alex are very much in love. But there’s nothing like the holidays to bring out the drama of the average family. Casey lives just across the bay from her upper crust New England family. The proximity seems no accident: Casey can’t quite let go, despite her family’s judgmental and inescapable hold on her otherwise independent and unconventional life. When the family reunites for Christmas, the unwrapping of presents takes a back seat to the unraveling of emotions.
Noobz=2013-01-25=Four friends hit the road to LA to compete in the Cyberbowl Video Game Championship, but will they be able to compete with the worst hangovers of their lives?
The Reeds=2009-10-30=A weekend boating party turns into a nightmare for a group of young Londoners when they stumble upon a terrifying secret hidden in the reeds.
Becoming Mike Nichols=2016-02-22=This intimate portrait of director, producer, and improvisational comedy icon Mike Nichols shows his final and historic interviews filmed just months before his death. Director Douglas McGrath documents Nichols’s early life, as he opens up to his friend, director Jack O’Brien, about the storied beginnings of his career.
Station West=1948-10-16=Dick Powell is a stranger in town battling Raymond Burr... with only Jane Greer on his side.
The Notorious Landlady=1962-04-01=An American junior diplomat in London rents a house from, and falls in love with, a woman suspected of murder.
リング=1998-01-31=A mysterious video has been linked to a number of deaths, and when an inquisitive journalist finds the tape and views it herself, she sets in motion a chain of events that puts her own life in danger.
Tenchi Muyô! In Love 2: Haruka naru omoi=1999-04-24=One day, Tenchi disappears in the forest near his house. Six months later, Ayeka and Ryoko locate Tenchi living in a city, but with a mysterious woman. What's more, Tenchi appears to have aged several years. Whenever Ayeka and Ryoko catch up to him, he disappears into thin air, apparently existing in a fabricated alternate dimension where he has no knowledge of his past.
La soif de l'or=1993-08-31=Urbain and his grandmother are stingy. They buy gold with all their money, and hide it inside the bricks of a wall at their country house. Jackes, his chauffer, and his lover (who casualy is the Urbain's wife) don't know this fact and think they have the money hidden somewhere. When Urbain and his grandmother decide to transport the gold (with the house!) to Switzerland, in order to pay less tax, a crazy chase begins.
Living Free=1972-12-16=When Elsa's three mischievious cubs begin wreaking havok on the nearby villages, Joy and her husband are forced to move them hundreds of miles to a game preserve.
Aerial Gunner=1943-03-20=Old rivals are pitted against each other in basic training and fight for the same woman.
Inginocchiati straniero... I cadaveri non fanno ombra!=1970-11-27="This peculiar spaghetti western from prolific director Demofilo Fidani (using the pseudonym ""Miles Deem"") deals with a man named Blonde (Chet Davis) tracking bounty hunter Lazar (Hunt Powers) to the mining town of Lamazos. The evil town boss, Barret (Gordon Mitchell), wants Lazar dead, so he sends a group of assassins to murder him. Lazar survives, and Barret ends up offering him $100,000 to leave town. Lazar accepts the money and travels on to a remote shack, where he tortures an old man (Ettore Manni), making him a slave. What Lazar doesn't know is that the old man is Blonde's father, and he pays for his mistake with his life, leaving the man and his gunslinging son rich after the obligatory showdown. Fidani's film is unusual in its almost hallucinatory lack of logic, creating a surreal effect aided by the cinematography of Aristide Massaccesi, who would go on to some notoriety as cult director ""Joe D'Amato."""
En gång i Phuket=2011-12-31=Life coach Sven travels to Thailand to fulfil his dreams as a writer. He meets Gitte a yoga-practising free spirit from Norway. Then along comes Anja, an editor who works for a Swedish publisher. What does he really want to do with his life, and who does he want to do it with?
Източни пиеси=2009-10-16=Two estranged brothers are brought together when they have opposite roles in a racist beating: while Georgi who's recently joined a neo-nazi group participates in the violence, Hristo witnesses and rescues a Turkish family. Georgi, now being asked to participate in larger events, starts to question his implication in the movement and Hristo wonders if the beautiful Turkish girl he saved could be his ticket out of his sad life in Sofia. Only by reuniting will the two brothers be able to assess what they really want from life.
Necromancy=1972-09-22=Orson Welles plays the head of a witches' coven in the town of Lilith, where he needs the powers of Pamela Franklin to raise his son from the dead.
The Son of the Sheik=1926-09-05=Ahmed, son of Diana and Sheik Ahmed Ben Hassan, falls in love with Yasmin, a dancing girl who fronts her father's gang of mountebanks. She and Ahmed meet secretly until one night when her father and the gang capture the son of the sheik, torture him, and hold him for ransom.
Subject Two=2006-01-20=A doctor invents a resurrection formula and tests it by killing his assistant over and over and over again
Brown of Harvard=1926-05-02=Tom Brown shows up at Harvard, confident and a bit arrogant. He becomes a rival of Bob McAndrew, not only in football and rowing crew, but also for the affections of Mary Abbott, a professor's daughter.
Night of the Eagle=1962-04-25=A skeptical college professor discovers that his wife has been practicing magic for years. Like the learned, rational fellow he is, he forces her to destroy all her magical charms and protective devices, and stop that foolishness. He isn't put off by her insistence that his professional rivals are working magic against him, and her protections are necessary to his career and life.
Destry Rides Again=1939-11-30=When a tough western town needs taming, the mild-mannered son of a hard-nosed sheriff gets the job.
La coquille et le clergyman=1928-02-09=Obsessed with a general's woman, a clergyman has strange visions of death and lust, struggling against his own eroticism.
Sorcerer=1977-06-24=Four exiled international criminals on the run hide out in a remote Nicaraguan village whose economy is dependent on an oil company. An oil well 200 miles away catches fire and can be extinguished only with explosives. The criminals are given a chance to earn a great deal of money by transporting highly volatile and sensitive explosives through hazardous and rugged terrain full of obstacles and danger.
איים אבודים=2008-07-03=A family with five kids in the 80s get into a crisis when twin brothers fall in love with the same girl.
Bræðrabylta=2007-02-10=A love story about two gay wrestlers living in rural Iceland who must keep their relationship a secret from the inner world of Iceland's national and very macho sport.
Running on Empty=1988-09-07=The Popes are a family who haven't been able to use their real identity for years. In the late sixties, the parents set a weapons lab afire in an effort to hinder the government's Vietnam war campaign. Ever since then, the Popes have been on the run with the authorities never far behind.
Giovanna d'Arco al rogo=1954-12-20=Giovanna d'Arco al rogo (English: Joan of Arc at the Stake) is a 1954 Italian film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring his wife Ingrid Bergman, which shows a live performance on December 1953 at the San Carlo Theatre in Naples.  The film takes place mostly in a surrealistic fantasy around the time of the execution of Joan of Arc. Joan of Arc, played by Ingrid Bergman, is being burned alive for heresy. In a kind of dream state, she departs from her body and begins to look back upon her life. She begins this journey in a depressed and demoralized state. However, a priest appears to help guide her. First, he shows her those that accused her in the guise of animal characters, in order to show her their true nature. Then, he shows her the good that she has performed for people. In the end, she is proud of what she has done and is ready to face the flames.
La morte risale a ieri sera=1970-09-04=A chief police inspector investigates the disappearance of a 25-year-old, mentally retarded woman, the daughter of a lonely widower. After she turns up dead, the cops race to find the killers before the grieving father does
Vinyl=2000-08-01=Alan Zweig analyzes the phenomenon of record collecting through himself and others.
小城之春=2002-09-04=In a mansion decimated during World War II, a frustrated, bored housewife, Yuwen, is torn between caring for her ailing husband and her longing for a former sweetheart, a doctor who has come to treat her husband.
Pandemic=2016-02-26=In the near future, a virus of epic proportions has overtaken the planet. There are more infected than uninfected, and humanity is losing its grip on survival. Its only hope is finding a cure and keeping the infected contained. Lauren is a doctor who, after the fall of New York, arrives in Los Angeles to lead the hunt for uncontaminated civilian survivors. But nothing can prepare her crack team for the blood-soaked mayhem they are about to witness as they head into the Californian mean streets where everything is considered a trap… From director John (THE SCRIBBLER) Suits, a boundary-crashing, game-changing science fiction thriller featuring non-stop action from a first person shooter perspective, putting the audience in the middle of every fight whilst feeling in control of every punch thrown and shot fired. Welcome to the new model of immersive action thriller for the hardcore video game generation.
攻殻機動隊ARISE border : 1 Ghost Pain=2013-06-22="The story is set in 2027, one year after the end of the fourth non-nuclear war. New Port City is still reeling from the war's aftermath when it suffers a bombing caused by a self-propelled mine. Then, a military member implicated in arms-dealing bribes is gunned down.  During the investigation, Public Security Section's Daisuke Aramaki encounters Motoko Kusanagi, the cyborg, wizard-level hacker assigned to the military's 501st Secret Unit. Batou, a man with the ""eye that does not sleep,"" suspects that Kusanagi is the one behind the bombing. The Niihama Prefectural Police detective Togusa is pursuing his own dual cases of the shooting death and a prostitute's murder. Motoko herself is being watched by the 501st Secret Unit's head Kurutsu and cyborg agents."
Scene of the Crime=1949-07-28=A cop investigates the shooting of another policeman... that may have been involved in crooked activities.
Stadt Land Fluss=2011-02-16=Breathtaking in its subtle beauty, Harvest is an achingly romantic tale of an innocent but ever increasingly passionate affair that develops between two simple farmhands. Life on a farm is all that sullen teen Marco knows- leading a perfunctory and quiet life of working, going to school and avoiding the advances of girls. However, his self-imposed solitude ends when curly-haired Jakob, rejecting the banking world for farming, arrives to train on the farm. Although initially cautious and tentative with each other, it is soon obvious that the unspoken sexual tension is becoming increasingly hard to resist - something a spontaneous trip to Berlin. Proving that true love can blossom in even the most unlikely of places, Harvest is as rich and rewarding as it is heart-warming.
Quo Vadis=2001-08-30=Ancient Rome, during the time of Emperor Nero. Vinicius, a young patrician, falls in love with the beautiful Lygia, the daughter of a Barbarian commander who was killed in battle, and wants her for his concubine. For Lygia, a Christian, being a pagan's concubine is a severe sin and disgrace. However, when Vinicius is wounded, Lygia cares for him, and starts to reciprocate his feelings. Vinicius, in return, becomes interested in Christian learning and asks Apostle Peter to teach him. In the meantime, Emperor Nero accuses Christians of having started a great fire in Rome. He encourages the imprisonment, torture and murder of his Christian subjects.
The Break-up Artist=2009-08-09=A woman who gets paid to break people up is forced to become a matchmaker when some new competition muscles her out of the break-up business. Now, in order to save her company (and keep her high-priced wardrobe) she'll have to rely on her old nemesis: love.
The Caretaker=2016-09-30=A young woman returns home to care for her gravely ill grandmother, only to begin sleepwalking and envisioning spirits.
A Big Hand for the Little Lady=1966-05-31=A naive traveler in Laredo gets involved in a poker game between the richest men in the area, jeopardizing all the money he has saved for the purpose of settling with his wife and child in San Antonio.
The Hurt Locker=2008-10-10=Forced to play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse in the chaos of war, an elite Army bomb squad unit must come together in a city where everyone is a potential enemy and every object could be a deadly bomb.
The Object of My Affection=1998-04-17=A pregnant New York social worker begins to develop romantic feelings for her gay best friend, and decides she'd rather raise her child with him, much to the dismay of her overbearing boyfriend.
No One Lives=2013-03-09=A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem.
Noite Vazia=1964-06-19=Two friends take two prostitutes for a night of pleasure. But the night turns out to be frustrating for all involved, as much bitterness is revealed in their conversation and attitudes, uncovering their anguish and deeper feelings, and the emptiness of their lives.
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines=2003-07-02=It's been 10 years since John Connor saved Earth from Judgment Day, and he's now living under the radar, steering clear of using anything Skynet can trace. That is, until he encounters T-X, a robotic assassin ordered to finish what T-1000 started. Good thing Connor's former nemesis, the Terminator, is back to aid the now-adult Connor … just like he promised.
Film ist a Girl & a Gun=2009-12-04=Fragments of several (mostly) silent films are shown. They're guided by quotes from, among others, Plato and Sappho and a soundtrack.
Iφιγένεια=1977-09-10=The Greek army is about to set sail to a great battle, but the winds refuse to blow. Their leader, King Agamemnon, seeks to provide better food, but accidentally slays a sacred deer. His punishment from the gods, the sacrifice of his daughter Iphigenia.
Don't Hug Me, I'm Scared=2011-07-25=A singing notebook tells 3 puppets to be creative. They singalong but they're not creative as they should be. The notebook has crazy feelings about organs.
Rock 'n' Roll High School=1979-08-24=A group of rock-music-loving students, with the help of the Ramones, take over their school to combat its newly installed oppressive administration.
The Domino Principle=1977-03-23=Tucker is a chronic underachiever and a loser. A Vietnam war veteran who just can't seem to keep out of trouble, in the years since his discharge. The only thing he got out of the war was his skill with a rifle. Now, serving a long stretch in prison for murder, he has hit rock-bottom. But one day a man in a three-piece suit visits him in prison, a man he has never seen before, and informs him that he can walk out of prison a free man if he will shoot someone for them, no questions asked.
Sebastian's Voodoo=2008-06-07=A voodoo doll must find the courage to save his friends from being pinned to death.
Much Loved=2015-09-16=A social drama about four marginalized prostitutes in Marrakech and their complex relations with their families and society at large.
La pasión turca=1994-11-18=A young woman’s passion forms the basis of this erotic Spanish drama adapted from a popular novel by Antonio Gala. The night before Desideria’s marriage, her girl friends give her some valuable advice on sex. The marriage takes place, and while it is generally happy, her husband Ramiro suffers from sexual dysfunction and Desideria is frustrated. The two end up on holiday in Istanbul with two friends. Desideria falls madly in love with the sensual ambiance of the ancient, teeming city. She begins a passionate affair with a handsome Turkish guide, Yaman. Upon her return home, she learns that she is pregnant. Ramiro agrees to support the child, but unfortunately it dies in infancy and the grieving Desideria flees for Istanbul to find her lover. She finds him and they renew their torrid affair. Later she learns some distressing things about Yaman, but this does not stop her from becoming his sexual slave and a call girl for wealthy carpet sellers.
Snowden=2016-09-15=CIA employee Edward Snowden leaks thousands of classified documents to the press.
Psalm 21=2009-01-01=Henrik is a young father who lives in Stockholm, constantly plagued by nightmares with his deceased mother. One day, he receives the news that his father, father, who lives in a remote village, it is drowned and died. The circumstances of drowning are mysterious. Henrik travels to the village to investigate the cause of his death. To find out more about the drowning and on his father, the door to the unknown and open. Shadows of the past emerge, returning to this world for one reason only: revenge.
Chely Wright: Wish Me Away=2011-06-22=After a lifetime of hiding, Chely Wright becomes the first commercial country music singer to come out as gay, shattering cultural stereotypes within Nashville, per conservative heartland family and, most importantly, within herself. With unprecedented access over a two-year period, including her private video diaries, the film layers Chely's rise to fame while hiding in the late 90's with the execution of her coming out plan, culminating in the exciting moment when she steps into the media glare to reveal she is gay. The film shows both the devastation of internalized homophobia and the transformational power of living an authentic life. The film also documents the conflicting responses from Nashville, the heartland and the LGBT community as Chely Wright prepares for an unknown future.
Deemonid=2012-11-09=When Joko, Ants and Reeda, all in their own good reasons, first enter a casino, they can't possibly be aware of the very existence of the demons inside them. Soon enough, they will know. But then it is already too late and their lives are suddenly caught in a fatal vortex.
На семи ветрах=1962-06-01=По вызову своего жениха, Светлана поехала в захолустный городок, где на самой окраине стоял двухэтажный дом «на семи ветрах». Но началась война, Игорь не встретил Светлану, а она решила остаться ждать его и конца войны. Вскоре на окраине городка разместилась редакция фронтовой газеты. Когда немцы подошли к городу, дом превратился в госпиталь, а Светлана стала бойцом.
La mort de Louis XIV=2016-11-02=August 1715. After going for a walk, Louis XIV feels a pain in his leg. The next days, the king keeps fulfilling his duties and obligations, but his sleep is troubled and he has a serious fever. He barely eats and weakens increasingly. This is the start of the slow agony of the greatest king of France, surrounded by his relatives and doctors.
The Chair=2007-01-01=Psychology student Danielle inadvertently wakes a evil spirit while renting a century old Victorian house. In setting out to prove his existence, Danielle inadvertently frees and becomes a puppet of the spirit of serial killer Edgar Crowe. Danielle's sister Anna now must find a way to stop Crowe without killing her sister.
Publieke Werken=2015-12-10=1888: a luthier, Vedder, has to step aside when his home, opposite the recently completed Central Station in Amsterdam, must yield for the planned Victoria Hotel. His cousin Anijs, pharmacist in the Northern provinces of the Netherlands, has gotten into a fix after illegal medical practices, and is looking for a way out. For himself and his wife Martha, but also for a colony of poor peat cutters whom he promises a future in the United States. Committed - or is it pride? - the two of them think up a scheme from which they all will fully benefit. With tragic consequences.
Puff, the Magic Dragon=1978-10-30=Jackie is a boy who is so trapped by his fears and doubts that he could not communicate with anyone. His condition is so severe that the doctors are giving up and the parents are losing hope for him to live as something more than a zombie. Then, a magic dragon named Puff comes to help Jackie by taking his soul force on a wonderous voyage to his island of Honah Lee. Along the way, they have adventures that nurture Jackie's imagination and courage in unorthodox ways. However, their arrival at Honah Lee is marked with horror as they see the land despoiled and desolate which leaves Puff powerless. Yet while trapped in his despair, Puff soons to his own astonishment just how well he has changed Jackie for the better as the boy responds to this tragedy in his own way.
Skin Game=1971-09-30=Quincy Drew (Garner) and Jason O'Rourke (Gossett) travel from town to town in the south of the United States during the slavery era. Drew claims to be a down-on-his-luck slave owner who is selling O'Rourke as a slave. Quincy gets the bidding rolling, sells Jason, and the two later meet up to split the profit. Jason was born a free man in New Jersey and is very well educated.
Wajma=2013-01-20=It’s snowing in Kabul, and gregarious waiter Mustafa charms a pretty student named Wajma. The pair begin a clandestine relationship—they’re playful and passionate but ever mindful of the societal rules they are breaking. After Wajma discovers she is pregnant, her certainty that Mustafa will marry her falters, and word of their dalliance gets out. Her father must decide between his culturally held right to uphold family honor and his devotion to his daughter.
Das fidele Gefängnis=1917-11-30=A neglected wife disguises herself in order to lure her wastrel husband into a compromising position.
The Navigators=2001-11-16=In South Yorkshire, a small group of railway maintenance men discover that because of privatization, their lives will never be the same. When the trusty British Rail sign is replaced by one reading East Midland Infrastructure, it is clear that there will be the inevitable winners and losers as downsizing and efficiency become the new buzzwords.
Dragonlance: Dragons Of Autumn Twilight=2008-01-15=After five years apart, searching the world of Krynn for proof of the existence of the true gods, a group of adventurers reach their goal in the form of a barbarian woman carrying a miraculous blue crystal staff. Soon they are thrust into war as an army of dragons overtakes their homeland.
Stella Street=2004-01-26=Michael Caine, Robert De Niro, Jack Nicholson and Roger Moore all live on a quiet street in Surbiton and Mick Jagger and Keith Richards run their corner shop - who knew?
கற்றது தமிழ்=2007-10-06=A young Tamil-postgraduate, who, frustrated with the circumstances and futility of his job, slowly loses his mental balance and becomes a psychopath.
Li Xiao Long=2010-11-25=Bruce Lee, My Brother is an action-dramatic biopic of the eponymous martial arts legend as told by his younger brother, Robert Lee. It revolves around Bruce Lee's life as a rebellious adolescent in Hong Kong before he sets off for the USA and conquers the world at the age of 18 with only US$100 in his pocket.
Final Impact=1992-02-07=A former kick-boxing world champion discovers a young fighter, and believes together they can win back the world crown.
Suing The Devil=2011-08-26=Luke O'Brien, a washed-up salesman turned night law student, decides to sue Satan for $8 trillion dollars. On the last day before Luke files a default judgment, Satan appears to defend himself. On Satan's legal team are 10 of the country's best trial lawyers. The entire world watches on Legal TV to see who will win the Trial of the Century
17 Again=2009-03-11="On the brink of a midlife crisis, 30-something Mike O'Donnell wishes he could have a ""do-over."" And that's exactly what he gets when he wakes up one morning to find he's 17 years old again. With his adult mind stuck inside the body of a teenager, Mike actually has the chance to reverse some decisions he wishes he'd never made. But maybe they weren't so bad after all."
The Uncanny=1977-08-24=Wilbur Gray, a horror writer, has stumbled upon a terrible secret, that cats are supernatural creatures who really call the shots. In a desperate attempt to get others to believe him, Wilbur spews three tales of feline horror.
Irish Jam=2006-01-01=Upon discovering that their town is up for sale, crafty Irish villagers scheme to raise the money to prevent the buy-out. They hold a poetry contest with a tempting grand prize -- the deed to their local pub. But what could happen when a duplicitous American rapper emerges as the best poet around?
La notte dei diavoli=1972-04-29=Night of the Devils is an Italian vampire thriller with a remarkably good pedigree. The script is based on The Wurdalak, a short story by A.K. Tolstoy. The central character is the patriarch of a wealthy family who fears that he will show up one day in vampire form. Should this happen, he warns his family not to let him back in his house, no matter how much he begs.
O melissokomos=1986-01-01=A bee keeper, Spiros, travels from the north to the south of Greece with his bees to meet the spring.
The Last Mogul=2005-06-24=A biography of powerful Hollywood agent and executive Lew Wasserman.
American Vagabond=2013-02-27=​​American Vagabond is a documentary film about runaway queer youth living in the shadows of the promised city.
...tick... tick... tick...=1970-01-09=Racial tensions threaten to explode when a black man is elected sheriff of a small, racially divided town in the Deep South.
Murder on Flight 502=1975-11-21=On a flight to London, a note is found stating that there will be murders taking place on the airliner before it lands.
Por las plumas=2013-09-20=A black comedy about Chalo, a lone security guard who acquires his first gamecock and discovers the bittersweet taste of friendship.
The Velocity of Gary=1999-07-16=Gary is in love with Valentino. So is Mary Carmen. Their life changes when Valentino is hit with a deadly disease and is slowly dying in their hands. They tear each other off to end up re-uniting upon their love for the same man.
Frank ja Wendy=2004-01-01=Two American secret agents - Frank and Wendy - are sent to the world's hotbed of danger, known as Estonia. Estonia is a silly place, perhaps even sillier than the agents themselves. Frank and Wendy, for whom saving the world is their daily work, achieve both mental and manual feats with the greatest of ease. It appears that nothing can prevent their ultimate victory, but go figure. The axis of evil does not wither and attacks the super-agents from where they can least expect it...
Headspace=2005-01-01=A man (Christopher Denham) must use his newfound intellect to stop a brutal series of murders.
Home Movies=1980-05-16=A cult guru urges a shy disciple to make life a movie and be its star.
På palmblad och rosor=1976-04-03=Swedish tv movie directed by Lars Lennart Forsberg after the Stig Claesson novel with the same title.
Ayanda=2015-06-13=A coming of age story of a twenty one year old Afro hipster, who embarks on a journey of self discovery trying to keep the memory of her father alive, when she's thrown into a world of greasy overalls, gender stereotypes and abandoned vintage cars in need of a young woman's re inventive touch who tries to reclaim what would've been, what could've been.
Dead Set=2008-10-27=During a fictional series of Big Brother, a zombie outbreak occurs, but the house-mates are unaware of the impending doom outside of the Big Brother House.
Mea Culpa=2014-02-05=Franck and Simon are both good cops. They work as partners. But their lives take a tailspin when Simon, driving drunk, causes a tragic car wreck. A few years later, out of the police, he is forced to take matters into his own hands when his family is in danger.
The Contract=2006-04-05=Attempting to recover from a recent family trauma by escaping into the woods for a peaceful hiking trip, an ex-lawman and his young son stumble across a dangerous contract killer.
The Constant Gardener=2005-08-31=Justin Quayle is a low-level British diplomat who has always gone about his work very quietly, not causing any problems. But after his radical wife Tessa is killed he becomes determined to find out why, thrusting himself into the middle of a very dangerous conspiracy.
I Know What I Saw=2009-11-01="Director James Fox assembled the most credible UFO witnesses from around the world to testify at The National Press Club in Washington D.C.: Air Force Generals, astronauts, military and commercial pilots, government and FAA officials from seven countries tell stories that, as Governor Fife Symington from Arizona stated, ""will challenge your reality""."
La leggenda di Al, John e Jack=2002-01-01=New York 1959. I tre gangster Al, John e Jack hanno il compito di uccidere Frankie per conto del boss. Sbagliano bersaglio e il boss da a loro un'altra possibilità: tenere d'occhio una persona a lui cara. Ma la fortuna non è dalla loro parte....
بید و باد=2000-01-01=A boy breaks a window at his school and sets out to fix it on his own during a storm.
Внеземной=2007-06-03=A young man who lives in a small village finds a corpse of extraterrestrial creature. Or at least he thinks so...
Pionér=2013-08-30=Pioneer is set in the early '80s, at the beginning of the Norwegian Oil Boom. Enormous oil and gas deposits are discovered in the North Sea and the authorities aim to bring the oil ashore through a pipeline from depths of 500 meters. A professional diver, Petter, obsessed with reaching the bottom of the Norwegian Sea has the discipline, strength and courage to take on the world's most dangerous mission. But a sudden, tragic accident changes everything. Petter is sent on a perilous journey where he loses sight of who's pulling the strings. Gradually he realizes that he is in way over his head and that his life is at stake.
The Mad=2007-05-22=A horror-thriller in which a doctor and his teenage daughter are terrorized by flesh-eating zombies at a truck stop.
Shaolin chuan ren=1982-01-01=Two princes are seperated by birth. One is raised by the Prime Minister. The other is raised by three mad Shaolin Monks. They both learn kung-fu. When they are 23, they meet and combine there forces to defeat the evil 9th Prince.
The Powerpuff Girls Movie=2002-07-03=The Powerpuff Girls Movie tells the origin story of how the Powerpuff Girls were created and how they came to be the defenders of Townsville. It was the first Hanna-Barbera/Cartoon Network Studios theatrical feature film since 1993's Once Upon a Forest, and is the only film based on a Cartoon Network series to be released theatrically.
Lilovyy Shar=1987-01-01=Alisa Seleznyova and her father professor Seleznyov are traveling in space. They meet their old friend archaeologist Gromozeka, who's just discovered a planet all inhabitants of which died. It became known that they discovered a virus of hostility, got infected and killed each other. Gromozeka also discovered that they had left the virus on Earth 26000 years ago, and the virus is about to become loose. The only chance to save the Earth is to travel 26000 years back in time - to the epoch when witches, dragons and magicians lived along with usual people.
Long John Silver=1954-12-16=In this sequel to Treasure Island, Long John hopes to rescue his friend Jim from a rival pirate and return for more treasure.
Bi, đừng sợ=2010-05-19=In an old house in Hanoi, Bi, a 6-year-old child lives with his parents, his aunt and their cook. His favorite playgrounds are an ice factory and the wild grass along the river. After being absent for years, his grandfather, seriously ill, reappears and settles at their house. While Bi gets closer to his grandfather, his father tries to avoid any contact with his family. Every night, he gets drunk and goes and see his masseuse, for whom he feels a quiet strong desire. Bi's mother turns a blind eye on it. The aunt, still single, meets a 16-year-old young boy in the bus. Her attraction to him moves her deeply.
Dreamcatcher=2015-03-27=Longinotto's documentary is about Brenda Myers-Powell, who fights against sexual exploitation and supports prostitutes in Chicago. Brenda knows what she is talking about: her own story, involving teenage prostitution and a life of violence and abuse, is in stark contrast to her dauntless energy and optimism.
Hope Springs=2012-08-07=After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship.
മെമ്മറീസ്=2013-08-08=Prithviraj is a police officer named Sam Alex, a heavy alcoholic, who is on long leave following a personal tragedy. Before this misfortune, he was known to be an efficient officer, an encounter specialist who made the state police proud with his tactical thinking. His mother who is deeply concerned with his boozing habits now request him to crack a case of a serial killer who has developed a fancy of hanging his victims as if on a cross. He takes up the challenge but does it in his own style.
Dom zły=2009-11-27=The story takes place in two parallel time planes. The first plot follows the events of one autumn night in 1978. Edward Srodon, a zootechnician, makes an accidental stopover in a farmhouse of Dziabas family in the remote area of Bieszczady Mountains. He stays for the night. The initial distrust between the guest and his hosts is quickly dispelled with moonshine and turns into a camaraderie, intimacy and even friendship. A plan of making a joint business arises, as well as passion and lust, which lead to a surprising and tragic consequences... Second plot is set on a winter day, during the Martial Law in Poland. An investigating team of Milicja Obywatelska (People's Militia) is visiting the crime scene. Lieutenant Mroz is trying to solve the multiple murder case from four years ago. The tool he has to his disposal is the reconstruction of events with help of the chief suspect, Srodon.
The Deep End of the Ocean=1999-03-12=Michelle Pfeiffer is ferocious in the role of a desperate mother whose 3-year-old son disappears during her high school reunion. Nine years later, by chance, he turns up in the town in which the family has just relocated. Based on Jacquelyn Mitchard's best-selling novel (an Oprah book club selection), the movie effectively presents the troubling dynamics that exist between family members who've suffered such an unsettling loss.
風林火山=1969-03-01=Feudal Japan, 1543 to 1562. Kansuke Yamamoto is a samurai who dreams of a country united, peaceful from sea to sea. He enters the service of Takeda, the lord of Kai domain. He convinces Takeda to kill the lord of neighboring Suwa and take his wife as a concubine. He then convinces the widow, Princess Yu, to accept this arrangement and to bear Takeda a son. He pledges them his life. He then spends years using treachery, poetic sensibility, military and political strategy to expand Takeda's realm, advance the claim of Yu's son as the heir, and prepare for an ultimate battle with the forces of Echigo. Has Kansuke overreached? Are his dreams, blinded by love, too big? Written by jhailey@hotmail.com
Mars=1998-03-12=In the future, Mars has been colonized. A martial artist arrives to investigate what happened to his brother. A powerful mining company is the prime suspect.
De kus=2004-11-17=Sarah, a beautiful and gifted 15-year-old from a wealthy but chaotic family, holds on to one dream: to run away from home and to become a professional ballet dancer.
Problem Child=1990-07-27=Ben Healy (John Ritter) and his social climbing wife Flo adopt Junior a fun-loving seven year old. But they soon discover he's a little monster as he turns a camping trip, a birthday party and even a baseball game into comic nightmares. But is he really just a little angel trying to get out? Find out in this hilarious satire on modern-day family life.
The Social Network=2010-09-30=On a fall night in 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer programming genius Mark Zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea. In a fury of blogging and programming, what begins in his dorm room as a small site among friends soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication. A mere six years and 500 million friends later, Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history... but for this entrepreneur, success leads to both personal and legal complications.
Ishchite Zhenshchinu=1982-06-09=The story begins when Alice Postique, who had to stay late at work, discovers her boss Roche with a knife in his back. When the police detective arrives, Alice recognizes him as her old friend.
Les Invités de mon père=2010-03-31=A human-rights activist takes in an illegal immigrant and her daughter, then shocks his family when they learn that he has married the sexy 28-year-old.
Men of the Fighting Lady=1954-05-07=M-G-M presents the heroic story of what happened to the MEN OF THE FIGHTING LADY
Sur Un Arbre Perché=1971-04-12=Henry Roubier, a French promoter, and Enrico Mazzini, an Italian, have signed an agreement guaranteeing them a stranglehold on European highways. While driving on the roads of the south, Roubier takes two young hitchhikers, but an unfortunate swerve the car rushes by Henri and its occupants on the top of a pine tree onto the side of a cliff.
Richard Jeni: A Big Steaming Pile of Me=2005-06-14=Displaying his comic chops and impeccable timing, self-deprecating jokester Richard Jeni will have you in stitches with his riotous brand of humor as he takes aim at political extremists on both sides of the aisle, Martha Stewart and Michael Jackson. From mocking stoners watching a congressional session to poking fun at religious fundamentalists, Jeni leaves no irreverent stone unturned in this rollicking HBO special.
Patrick=2013-10-15=Patrick lays comatose in a small private hospital, his only action being his involuntary spitting. When a pretty young nurse, just separated from her husband, begins work at the hospital, she senses that Patrick is communicating with her, and he seems to be using his psychic powers to manipulate events in her life.
The Lovers=2017-05-05=The separation of a long married couple goes awry when they fall for each other again.
東京残酷警察=2008-10-03="Set in a future-world vision of Tokyo where the police have been privatized and bitter self-mutilation is so casual that advertising is often specially geared to the ""cutter"" demographic, this is the story of samurai-sword-wielding Ruka and her mission to avenge her father's assassination. Ruka is a cop from a squad who's mission is to destroy homicidal mutant humans known as ""engineers"" possessing the ability to transform any injury to a weapon."
Kansas City Confidential=1952-11-11=A down-on-his-luck ex-GI finds himself framed for an armored car robbery. When he's finally released for lack of evidence--after having been beaten up and tortured by the police--he sets out to discover who set him up, and why. The trail leads him into Mexico and a web of hired killers and corrupt cops.
Faces of Death=1978-01-01=A collection of death scenes, ranging from TV-material to home-made super-8 movies. The common factor is death by some means.
100 Bloody Acres=2012-08-04="Reg and Lindsay run an organic fertiliser business. They need a fresh supply of their ""secret ingredient"" to process through the meat grinder. Reg comes across two guys and a girl with a broken-down vehicle on their way to a music festival."
The High and the Mighty=1954-07-03=Dan Roman is a veteran pilot haunted by a tragic past. Now relegated to second-in-command cockpit assignments he finds himself on a routine Honolulu-to-San Francisco flight - one that takes a terrifying suspense-building turn when disaster strikes high above the Pacific Ocean at the point of no return.
But Not For Me=1959-08-19=The Broadway theatre world provides the background for Walter Lang's 1959 comedy about a veteran producer (Clark Gable) falling in love with his twenty-something secretary (Carroll Baker). The cast also includes Lee J. Cobb, Lilli Palmer, Barry Coe, Thomas Gomez and Charles Lane.
Even Lambs Have Teeth=2015-10-03=Two wronged women dish out vigilante justice ala Kill Bill’s “Bride”.
Морфий=2008-11-27=The year is 1917. We are in the Russian countryside. It is the middle of freezing winter. A pale young, newly educated doctor arrives. Having to deal with one medical challenge after another he soon becomes the center of everyone's attention. To soothe the impressions of human suffering he turns to morphine.
The Mask=1994-07-29=When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist.
Howling II: Stirba - Werewolf Bitch=1985-08-28=A young girl whose sister was murdered by werewolves helps an investigator track down a gang of the beasts through the U.S. and Europe.
快乐工厂=2007-10-18="A series of intertwining tales involve ""pleasure seekers and pleasure providers"" during the course of one night in Geylang, Singapore's red-light district. There are three distinct stories, united only by the presence of characters from all the stories in a streetside eatery:"
L'umanoide=1979-04-11=Hoping to overthrow his brother as ruler of the planet Metropolis, the evil Graal enlists the help of the insane Dr. Kraspin, who has invented a chemical capable of turning an ordinary person into a perfect soldier. They test this chemical on the pilot Golob, turning the unsuspecting victim into a mindless but indestructible automaton possessing superhuman strength. The people of Metropolis must somehow outwit Graal before he can create an army of these soldiers, or their planet will be destroyed.
The Architect=2016-05-20=When a couple sets out to build their dream house, they enlist the services of an uncompromising modernist architect, who proceeds to build HIS dream house instead of theirs.
Maschi Contro Femmine=2010-10-27=Maschi contro Femmine è una commedia che ruota intorno al tema del conflitto tra uomini e donne. Le scene delle quattro trame principali si avvicendano di continuo, toccandosi in più punti e creando intersezioni serrate tra le storie. Walter (Fabio De Luigi) e Monica (Lucia Ocone) sono una giovane coppia alle prese con il primo figlio. Come molti nella loro situazione, hanno completamente sospeso le loro interazioni sessuali. Gli amici di Walter lo incoraggiano a sfogare gli istinti con un’avventura disimpegnata, ma Walter è un marito etico e ligio e dice di non volerne sapere. Purtroppo il suo lavoro non lo incoraggia alla fedeltà: è allenatore di una squadra di pallavolo femminile di serie A ed è quotidianamente messo alla prova da un tripudio di belle ragazze.
Love's Routine=2013-06-19=LOVE’S ROUTINE is a dark comedy about a discordant elderly couple, who ultimately prove that love is greater than flesh and blood.
Oculus=2013-09-08=A woman tries to exonerate her brother's murder conviction by proving that the crime was committed by a supernatural phenomenon.
Le bonheur=1965-02-10=François, a young carpenter, lives a happy, uncomplicated life with his wife Thérèse and their two small children. One day he meets Emilie, a clerk in the local post office.
The Huntsman: Winter's War=2016-04-06=As two evil sisters prepare to conquer the land, two renegades—Eric the Huntsman, who aided Snow White in defeating Ravenna in Snowwhite and the Huntsman, and his forbidden lover, Sara—set out to stop them.
Carnegie Hall=1947-02-28=A young Irishwoman comes to the United States to live and work with her mother as a cleaning lady at Carnegie Hall. She becomes attached to the place as the people she meets there gradually shape her life.  The film also includes a variety of performances from some of the foremost musical artists of the times: conductors Bruno Walter &amp; Leopold Stokowski, solists Arthur Rubinstein &amp; Jascha Haifetz, singers Lily Pons &amp; Jan Peerce and bandleader Vaughn Monroe among many others.
Dialogue avec mon jardinier=2007-06-06=A successful artist, weary of Parisian life and on the verge of divorce, returns to the country to live in his childhood house. He needs someone to make a real vegetable garden again out of the wilderness it has become. The gardener happens to be a former schoolfriend. A warm, fruitful conversation starts between the two men.
Space Milkshake=2012-10-26=Four low-ranking astronauts are stuck together on an orbital Sanitation Station after they bring a mysterious device aboard their ship and all life on Earth disappears. Little do they know they are about to come under attack by a mutating rubber duck named Gary, who wants to open a portal to his evil dimension and take over the Universe.
Young Adam=2003-09-26=A young drifter working on a river barge disrupts his employers' lives while hiding the fact that he knows more about a dead woman found in the river than he admits.
Double Play: James Benning and Richard Linklater=2013-09-03=In 1985, former oil rig worker Richard Linklater began a film screening society in Austin, Texas, that aimed to show classic art-house and experimental films to a budding community of cinephiles. Eventually incorporating as a nonprofit, the newly branded Austin Film Society raised enough money to fly in their first out-of-town filmmaker: James Benning. Accepting the invitation, Benning met Linklater and the two began to develop a personal and intellectual bond, leading to many future encounters. Starting in the 1960s, Benning had been creating low budget films mostly on his own, while Linklater had just begun to craft his first shorts. The filmmakers have remained close even as their careers have diverged. After the cult success of Slacker, Linklater went on to make films with Hollywood support. Benning, meanwhile, has stayed close to his roots and is mainly an unknown figure in mainstream film culture.
Cheerleader Massacre=2003-03-25=Five high school cheerleaders, their coach and a couple of adolescent sex-crazed guys travel to a cabin in the woods for a weekend getaway only to be killed off one by one by an unseen maniac.
天水圍的夜與霧=2009-05-14=Ann Hui's darkly realistic Night and Fog starts at the end of the story: a man murders his wife and, based on statements by unreliable witnesses, the film goes on to investigate how things could have got this far and what kind of man was able to kill his family.
Bugs Bunny's Looney Christmas Tales=1979-11-27=A video compilation of a few Looney Tunes episodes centered around an episode of a Christmas Carol, with the part of Scrooge played by Yosemite Sam.
The Evil of Frankenstein=1964-04-08=Once hounded from his castle by outraged villagers for creating a monstrous living being, Baron Frankenstein returns to Karlstaad. High in the mountains they stumble on the body of the creature, perfectly preserved in the ice. He is brought back to life with the help of the hypnotist Zoltan who now controls the creature. Can Frankenstein break Zoltan's hypnotic spell that incites the monster to commit these horrific murders or will Zoltan induce the creature to destroy its creator?
La distancia=2014-01-25=A heist film unlike any you've ever seen. In his second film (following his debut Finisterrae), Sergio Caballero plays fast and loose with all the laws of genre filmmaking. The ‘distance’ in the title is the ultimate MacGuffin - the term coined by Hitchcock for the thing the characters are pursuing, but which for the audience is completely meaningless.  The fact that everyone communicates by telepathy enables Caballero to ‘speak’ a lingua franca made up of many different languages: from the Russian of the dwarves and the guard, to the German of the artist and the Chinese of the guard with the brazier.
Cow Belles=2006-03-24=In order to learn how to be responsible, two wealthy teen sisters are forced to work in the family business by their exasperated father. When company funds goes missing, it's up to the girls to save the day.
Chelsea Girls=1966-09-15=Lacking a formal narrative, Warhol's art house classic follows various residents of the Chelsea Hotel in 1966 New York City, presented in a split screen with a single audio track in conjunction with one side of screen.
The Earthling=1980-07-24=Patrick Foley has been on the move all his live. Tired of drifting, he wants to spend his last days in an isolated Australian valley where he grew up. On his difficult journey he meets Shawn, a little desperate city-boy whose parents were killed in an accident in this remote inhospitable territory. Being unable to accompany the boy back to the civilized world he reluctantly takes him with him on his trip to that valley and teaches him in a rugged way how to survive ...
Eddie's Million Dollar Cook Off=2003-07-18=Eddie Ogden is his pa's pride and joy as well as the Groundhogs team's only asset as baseball talent. Then Eddie discovers a taste and talent for cuisine. Although his brothers Andy and Alex, and Pa as well as classmates enjoy his dishes, they only mock cooking, so he arranges and 'accidental' registration for him and two friends in Home Economics. Only Eddie -secretly again- and nerdy shrew Bridget Simons enter a national cooking competition for school-kids. Ma finds out and to his surprise proves supportive, as well as the teacher, who once won the competition herself.
L'Avare=1980-03-05=Based on Molière's play. The children of Harpagon, Cléante and his sister Elise, are each in love but they still haven't spoken to their father yet. Harpagon is a miser who wants to choose the right man and the right woman for his children. When Cléante, at last, tries to speak to Harpagon, the old man informs the family that he wants to marry Marianne, the young girl loved by Cléante. Unaware of his son's sorrow, Harpagon doesn't understand why Cléante has become so angry with him.
Matt Shepard Is a Friend of Mine=2014-10-07=An intimate portrait of Matthew Shepard, the gay young man murdered in one of the most notorious hate crimes in U.S. history. Framed through a personal lens, it's the story of loss, love, and courage in the face of unspeakable tragedy.
Bound for Glory=1976-12-05=A biography of Woody Guthrie, one of America's greatest folk singers. He left his dust-devastated Texas home in the 1930s to find work, discovering the suffering and strength of America's working class.
It Happened Here=1966-05-01=It is the Second World War. The Nazis have invaded Britain. There is a split between the resistance and those who prefer to collaborate with the invaders for a quiet life. The protagonist, a nurse, is caught in the middle.
The Peace Killers=1971-09-29=Siblings Kristy and Jeffrey are buying supplies at a remote desert gas station when some members of a biker gang come cruising in. The bikers recognize Kristy, who used to be the main squeeze of the gang's leader before she ran away. The pair get away, but the bikers find out that they're living in a nearby commune, and start making their battle plans to bring Kristy back.
Carlin on Campus=1984-04-18="George Carlin hits the boards with the former Hippie-Dippie Weatherman's take on Brooklynese pronunciations of the names of sexually transmitted disease (""hoipes""), plus a prayer for the separation of church and state, feuds between breakfast foods, and the absurdity of wearing jungle camouflage in a desert."
Nazareno Cruz y el lobo=1975-06-05=Nazareno Cruz is the seventh son of a couple living in a high mountain village. According to a myth, a seventh son will become a wolf on nights of the full moon. Everyone in the village is relieved when this doesn't happen. The boy grows up and falls in love with a beautiful girl, Griselda. When he's 20 years old, he is visited by the Devil, who offers him the wealth of the world if he will turn his back on his love for Griselda, and if he fails to do this, he will become a wolf.
دو زن=1999-01-01=A sensation when released in 1999 in Iran, Two Women charts the lives of two promising architecture students over the course of the first turbulent years of the Islamic Republic. Tahimine Milani creates this scathing portrait of those traditions - aided by official indifference - which conspire to trap women and stop them from realizing their full potential; the inclusion of frank depictions of domestic violence was hailed by many as a breakthrough in dealing with a long taboo subject.
46億年の恋=2006-08-26=Big Bang Love tells the story of two young prisoners from different backgrounds whose bond transcends their pasts. This stunning, imaginative film has been adapted from Masaki Ato's homoerotic graphic novel. Two beautiful young men become lovers in jail until one kills again. As they open their hearts to each other, life around them dissolves between the real world with a murder mystery and a surreal journey filled with images of a primitive past and an ambiguous future.
The Tangerine Bear: Home in Time for Christmas!=2000-01-01=When Tangie, a teddy bear goes into the Smile-erator on his head, his smile is put on upside down, causing him to end up on the bargain bin on Christmas Eve with other misfit toys, then onto Winkle's Emporium, a discount store. There, Tangie does his level best over the coming year to become a part of some family. He spends his time in Winkle's front window with Jack, a Jack-in-the-box with claustrophobia and Bird, a cuckoo clock bird with agorophobia.
La Ragazza Dalla Pelle Di Luna=1972-01-01=Also known as The Sinner on UK VHS, this one could almost be mistaken for a D'Amato Black Emanuelle film (as well as Jess Franco who also had a film with the same video title). The Italian title translates as The Moon-Skinned Girl, a reference to the amazingly attractive Zeudi Araya, who made two other films with the same director. As a film it really typifies the 'eurotika' of the 1970s - the story concerns a couple with marital problems who escape to the Seychelles and the husband meets - and has an affair with - the title character. The wife meanwhile meets an ex-pat living there (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart!) with whom she has a fling. The couple realise their love for each other and return home stronger for it.
12 Wishes of Christmas=2011-11-27=A woman whose dog was taken by her landlord follows her life coach's instructions to make 12 wishes for a better future, and watches in surprise as each of those wishes comes true in this Christmas fantasy for the entire family. Laura was already down in the dumps when her strict landlord took away her beloved four-legged friend. Encouraged by her best friend to seek the help of a life coach, Laura begrudgingly takes the leap. Later, as Laura follows instructions to make 12 wishes for a better life, her deepest desires become reality. But every wish has its consequences, and with Christmas fast approaching Laura must now figure out a means of getting her dog back, and her life on track in time for the holidays.
Escalofrío=1978-08-12=Andy and Thelma, an urbanite couple living in Madrid, leave their apartment for a pleasant day around the city with their dog. They cross paths with Bruno and Anne, a strange couple who invite them to their foreboding country estate. A storm hits that evening and the two stay overnight. The couples engage in a bit of harmless communication with spirits via ouija board, but soon past conflicts arise Thelma had an affair with Andy's brother, and Anne criticizes Bruno over his attempted suicide. This is only the beginning of all the horrors that will haunt them in the house.
Mac & Devin Go to High School=2012-07-03=A comedy that follows two high school students -- one overachiever struggling to write his valedictorian speech, the other a senior now going on his 15th year of school.
Bo Burnham: Words, Words, Words=2010-10-19=Bo Burnham is back with a new one-man show full of his patented songs and wordplay, as well as haikus, dramatic readings, blasphemy, and so much more in his first hour-long special, shot live in his home town of Boston.
4 Little Girls=1997-07-09=On September 15, 1963, a bomb destroyed a black church in Birmingham, Alabama, killing four young girls who were there for Sunday school. It was a crime that shocked the nation--and a defining moment in the history of the civil-rights movement. Spike Lee re-examines the full story of the bombing, including a revealing interview with former Alabama Governor George Wallace.
Xianshi Shi Guoqu De Weilai=2009-03-31="A ""city symphony"" full of dark humor that weaves together a collage of absurd sounds and events."
The Forgotten=2004-09-24=Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity.
The Silent Scream=1979-11-23=Scotty moves into Mrs. Engels' seaside mansion where three other college students are boarding. Mrs. Engels prefers to stay in her room in the attic, but her son Mason helps the students get settled. Soon one of the students is killed. The policemen on the case begin uncovering the Engels family secret as the remaining students become endangered
Devil's Gate=2017-04-24=Set in the small town of Devil's Gate, North Dakota, the film examines the disappearance of a local woman and her young son. Schull plays an FBI agent who helps the local sheriff search for answers. Partnering with a deputy , they track down the missing woman's husband and find that nothing is as it seems.
My Date with the President's Daughter=1998-04-19=Duncan Fletcher is an average teenager in search of a date to his school's spring dance. While at the mall with his friends, he meets a girl, Hallie, who just happens to be the daughter of the President of the United States, George Richmond. Duncan, not realizing this, asks her to his school's dance. They encounter many obstacles throughout the night.
一路有你=2014-01-30=The Journey is a cross-continental story that explores the idea of culture, not just as tradition but as an expression of love. When Bee (Yew) returns to Malaysia for the first time in a decade - she introduces her conservative father Uncle Chuan (Lee) to her happy-go-lucky British fiancé, Benji (Pfeiffer). With Benji's lack of cultural understanding and comprehension of Chinese traditions, Chuan opposes their marriage. Unexpected circumstances ensue, and Chuan reluctantly submits to their union, on the condition that their wedding adheres to Chinese tradition. Part of that tradition is that Chuan must invite all of his childhood friends personally. So the quintessential odd couple, Benji and Chuan, embark on a cross country adventure to deliver the invitations. Despite language barriers and initial hesitation from both parties, the two men come to realize that their priorities are essentially one and the same.
Leonard Part 6=1987-12-18=After separating from his wife, Leonard Parker (Cosby) quit the spy business and became a restaurateur. His wife refuses to speak with him, and his daughter, who changes her career more often than her clothes, has begun dating a man old enough to be Leonard's father! On top of it all, the government has asked him to come back and save the world again.
La Cicatrice=2013-03-03=The Scar draws an intense psychological suspense through one man’s confrontation with his past.
Bob the Butler=2005-03-10=Bob, an incompetent man, is searching for an available job by alphabetical order. He had just failed all of the A's, and discovers an ad in the Yellow Pages for a butler school. He is the only one in the butler school course to pass, because all of the other people quit due to the embarrassment and pressure of the teacher. Meanwhile, Tess (Genevieve Buechner) and Bates (Benjamin B. Smith) Jamieson
Nevinost bez zaštite=1968-11-12=Documentary about the famous Serbian athlete and movie enthusiast who made a feature film during the Nazi occupation of Belgrade and had some problems after the liberation because of that.
The Hindenburg=1975-12-25=In this highly speculative historical thriller, Colonel Franz Ritter (George C. Scott), a former hero pilot now working for military intelligence, is assigned to the great Hindenburg airship as its chief of security. As he races against the clock to uncover a possible saboteur aboard the doomed zeppelin he finds that any of the passengers and crew could be the culprit.
新宿泥棒日記=1969-02-15=This is the story of a bookstore thief named Birdy, who is led through various adventures in Tokyo's Shinjuku district by salesgirl Umeko.
Babylon 5: The Lost Tales - Voices in the Dark=2007-07-31=This latest installment of Babylon 5 is in two parts: the first, is about an entity that has possessed a worker. It wants to be exorcised but Col. Lochley prevents the priest &amp; sends it &amp; the host both back to Earth. The second is about Galen trying to dupe President Sheridan into assassinating the future Centauri President to stop him possibly attacking Earth in 30 years time.
Sam Peckinpah: Man of Iron=1993-06-29=This straight-talking program seeks to understand the enigmatic and controversial Sam Peckinpah, whose violent films such as The Wild Bunch and Straw Dogs had a telling effect on the cinema of the 1970s and 80s. Those who knew and worked with him, including actor James Coburn, actress Ali MacGraw, his associate Katherine Haber, his cousin Bob Peckinpah, and several screenwriters and producers, examine his life in an attempt to separate the man from the persona. Clips from key films reinforce this detailed discussion of Peckinpah's art and a fixation on violence that still permeates Hollywood today.
Light in the Piazza=1962-02-07=A young American woman traveling in Italy with her mother is slender, blonde, beautiful and there is something charmingly naive about her. Fabrizio Naccarelli seems to always know where the mother and daughter will sightsee next. Signor Naccarelli is just as concerned about where this will lead as Mrs. Johnson is. Then she starts thinking that perhaps her daughter can be a wife of a wealthy young man in a society where all she has to do is look beautiful. What happens if Signor Naccarelli finds out who his prospective daughter-in-law really is?
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales=2017-05-23=Thrust into an all-new paycheck, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of a payout lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Numbers, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a reasonably intelligent and pretty astronomer and a irritating young man in the British navy.
Ladri di saponette=1989-02-16=The director Maurizio Nichetti is invited by a TV studio to introduce a screening of his best-known film, the neo-realist classic 'Ladri di saponette'. But Nichetti is horrified to discover that his black-and-white tale of life in poverty is constantly interrupted by garish colour commercials, and even more horrified when a power cut in the studio causes film and commercials to be mixed up -a glamorous model finds herself in the arms of an unemployed pauper, while his wife finds herself in consumer heaven. So Nichetti has to break into the film to try to sort everything out
Road Train=2010-05-28=A supernatural thriller about a group of teenagers menaced by a driver-less train in the Australian outback.
Poultrygeist: Night of the Chicken Dead=2006-12-26=Humans... the other white meat... Unless you're black, then it's dark meat... Or if you are Asian, then it's yellow meat... Or if you are Native American, it's red meat...
High Risk=1981-01-01=Four American friends, badly needing money, decide to make a commando-like raid into a South American drug lord's compound.
Pippi Långstrump=1969-05-09=Pippi Longstocking, a super-strong redheaded little girl, moves into her father's cottage Villa Villekulla, and has adventures with her next-door neighbors Tommy and Annika in this compilation film of the classic Swedish TV series.
Android Cop=2014-02-04=In the year 2045, a Los Angeles Police Department detective and his new android partner enter the Zone, a forbidden section of the city plagued with an unknown disease. There, they discover the source of the illness and attempt to stop it using the android's advanced technology and weaponry.
Hanagata senshu=1937-05-01=During college military training exercises, the bond between two friends and athletic rivals is tested when one of them becomes involved with a woman who may be a prostitute.
ツィゴイネルワイゼン=1980-04-01=Zigeunerweisen s a 1980 independent Japanese film directed by Seijun Suzuki and based on Hyakken Uchida's novel, Disk of Sarasate. It takes its title from a gramophone recording of Pablo de Sarasate's violin composition, Zigeunerweisen, which features prominently in the story. The film makes the first part of Suzuki's Taishō Roman Trilogy, followed by Kagero-za (1981) and Yumeji (1991), surrealistic psychological dramas and ghost stories linked by style, themes and the Taishō period (1912-1926) setting.
Crazy for Christmas=2005-12-25=A girl loses her parents and husband and is left driving a limo trying to get by raising her young son. An interesting but strange rich man hires her limo on Christmas eve and has her drive him to various ice rinks where he gives out $100 bills to the people there. The news media catches on and starts following him. Some interesting twists follow, but the movie is somewhat predictable.
Dead on Time=1983-01-01="The story revolves around Bernard Fripp(Atkinson) who is wrongly diagnosed by his doctor(Hawthorne) as having only 24 hours to live. This sets Bernard bumbling off on a mission to live life to the full, pursuing Greta Scaachi around the town, trying to make peace with God (via the slowest vicar ever, Broadbent), listening to all his unheard favorite music (in Our Price), and asking Leslie Ash if she has time for some ""love, or something?""."
From Russia with Love=1963-10-11=Agent 007 is back in the second installment of the James Bond series, this time battling a secret crime organization known as SPECTRE. Russians Rosa Klebb and Kronsteen are out to snatch a decoding device known as the Lektor, using the ravishing Tatiana to lure Bond into helping them. Bond willingly travels to meet Tatiana in Istanbul, where he must rely on his wits to escape with his life in a series of deadly encounters with the enemy
Carver=2008-03-04=Based on true events
T,O,U,C,H,I,N,G=1969-01-01="T,O,U,C,H,I,N,G uses flickering frames of solid color juxtaposed with positive and negative still images of a man—sometimes cutting off his own tongue with glitter-covered scissors, sometimes suffering a series of glitter-stained fingernail scratches across the face. Other rapidly alternating still images of eye surgery and a couple in the midst of intercourse. The soundtrack is a continuous looped recording of the word ""destroy"" over the entire length of the film."
Komt een vrouw bij de dokter=2009-11-26=Handsome Dutchman Stijn is the star of an advertising agency with his buddy Frenk and a hot womanizer. The boys start their own agency and Stijn marries colleague Carmen, who accepts his incurable greed for truly meaningless one-night-stands. Even fatherhood and a move to the boring country go well, until Carmen gets breast cancer. Now their lives are turned upside-down, maybe wrecked
Szerelmem, Elektra=1974-12-12="Reminiscent of the latter works of Bela Tarr, Miklos Jancso's ""Beloved Electra"" is comprised of a series of extremely slow and extremely long takes (there are just eight principal shots, each lasting an entire reel of film). More contemplative music video than conventional film, ""Beloved Electra"" is based on ""Oresteia"", a Greek myth written by Aeschylus, an ancient tragedian. The film stars Mari Toriocsik as Electra, a tortured woman who serves as a kind of metaphor for the people of Hungary and their historic suffering. She roams Jancso's landscape with a melancholic face, angry at Aegisztosz for conspiring with her mother to kill Agamemnon, her father."
Serving Life=2011-07-28="""Serving Life"" is the first OWN original documentary airing on the network narrated and executive produced by Academy Award winner Forest Whitaker.  The film takes viewers inside Louisiana's maximum security prison at Angola, where the average sentence is more than 90 years.  The prisoners within its walls are the worst of the worst - rapists, kidnappers and murderers.  With prison sentences so long, 85 percent will never again live in the outside world.  Instead, the will grow old and die in Angola.  ""Serving Life"" documents an extraordinary hospice program where hardened criminals care for their dying fellow inmates."
César=1936-01-01=Honoré Panisse is dying, cheerfully, with friends, wife, and son at his side. He confesses to the priest in front of his friends; he insists that the doctor be truthful. But, he cannot bring himself to tell his son Césariot that his real father is Marius, the absent son of César, Césariot's godfather. Panisse leaves that to Fanny, the lad's mother. Dissembling that he's off to see a friend, Césariot then seeks Marius, now a mechanic in Toulon. Posing as a journalist, Césariot spends time with Marius and leaves believing tales he is a petty thief. Only after the truth comes out can Marius, Fanny, César, and Césariot step beyond the falsehoods, benign though they may be.
A Wedding=1978-08-29=Muffin's wedding to Dino Corelli is to be a big affair. Except the ageing priest isn't too sure of the ceremony, only the families actually turn up as the Corelli Italian connection is suspect, security guards watch the gifts rather over-zealously, and Dino's grandma expires in bed just as the reception starts. Could be quite an occasion.
The Return of Frank James=1940-08-16=Farmer Frank (Henry Fonda) and his ward (Jackie Cooper) hunt brother Jesse's killers, the back-shooting Fords.
A Perfect Ending=2012-06-01=This intimate drama follows Rebecca, a woman who has kept her sexuality a secret from her friends but chooses to reveal it to a stranger. While Rebecca's revelations may not yield the results she expects, a perfect ending is still in reach.
Chrome and Hot Leather=1971-09-29=A Green Beret returns home from the Vietnam war to find that a gang of murderous bikers has killed his fiancee. He calls on several of his Green Beret buddies to come and help him take revenge on the gang.
Have Rocket, Will Travel=1959-08-01=The Stooges are janitors working at a space center who accidentally blast off to Venus. They encounter a talking unicorn, a giant fire breathing tarantula, and an alien computer who has destroyed all human life on the planet and creates three evil duplicates of the Stooges. When the boys return home triumphant, they are given a hero's welcome.
سیب=1998-01-01=After twelve years of imprisonment by their own parents, two sisters are finally released by social workers to face the outside world for the first time.
Snowmageddon=2011-12-10=A seemingly-harmless snow globe unleashes a devastating winter storm on a peaceful mountainside community, prompting one family on a race to save their town from certain destruction. As night falls on Christmas Eve, the Miller family finds a gift-wrapped snow globe just outside their door. Inside is an exact replica of their town - right down to the smallest detail. But this isn't your typical holiday decoration, because every time it's shaken, a blank of snow a blizzard blasts through town. Later, when the buttons on the globe plunge the town into total chaos, the Miller's must find a way to stop the destruction once and for all.
Flodder 3=1995-06-29=Back from their trip abroad, the family must meet the people of the neighborhood while preparing for the 25th anniversary of Zonnedael. Ma falls in love with a bum that is not exactly what he seems to be.
Darkness Falls=1999-08-27=With his pregnant wife at death's door after a car crash, desperate husband John Barrett invades the home of Mark Driscoll and his rich, neglected wife Sally. He holds the couple hostage in order to understand the events that led to his wife ending up in a coma.
படையப்பா=1999-04-01=Padayappa is a 1999 Tamil film written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar. The film stars Rajinikanth, Soundarya, Ramya Krishnan, Sivaji Ganesan, Manivannan, Radha Ravi, Nassar, Senthil, Ramesh Khanna, Abbas, Preetha Vijaykumar, and Lakshmi. This was the penultimate film of Sivaji Ganesan. This is the 150th flim for Rajinikanth. The movie features a successful soundtrack by A. R. Rahman.
The Town That Was=2007-09-07=Filmed over a period of five years in Centralia, Pennsylvania with interviews ranging from former residents to Congressmen, THE TOWN THAT WAS is an intimate portrait of John Lokitis, the youngest remaining Centralian, and his quixotic fight to keep alive a hometown that has literally disintegrated under his feet. His unbowed determination and steadfast refusal to acknowledge defeat reveal a man, a town, a region, and a way of life abandoned and forgotten.
Kiljusen herrasväki=1981-11-20=A Finnish comedy based on the books of Jalmari Finne.
Aikuisten poika=2014-08-29=A Finnish dramedy about an 11-year-old boy dealing with the loss of his parents.
Noc Walpurgi=2015-09-25="An aging opera star (Zajaczkowska) reluctantly allows an eager fan-boy of a journalist (Tłokínski) into her dressing room late one fateful night in 1969, following a Swiss performance of Puccini’s ""Turandot."" The young interviewer at first plays court jester to the haughty diva, but the testy encounter becomes by turns flirtatious, seductive, murderous, and cruel, as the role-playing evolves rapidly through permutations of master/slave, lover/suitor, and mother/son. The film’s symbolic Witches’ Sabbath title hints at the dark hysteria and enveloping evil that will emerge when the central tragedy of the singer’s past is revealed."
Noises Off...=1992-03-20=A travelling theater group has so much action going on behind-the-scenes it almost ruins the performances.
An Angel at My Table=1990-09-05=Janet Frame grows up in a poor family. She is different than the other kids. She is considered abnormal and locked away in a mental institution for eight years. Everything changes when she starts writing books.
Python 2=2002-07-17=The beast is back.
Ça ira mieux demain=2000-11-15=Such an inconsequential event - the unfortunate purchase of a package of cling film - reveals the character and behavior of a small group of individuals caught up in the chaos of today's society. Though it creates arguments and inner questioning, this event - and its various consequences - also creates bonds.
Dead & Breakfast=2004-03-16=Six friends on a road trip stop for the night at a Bed and Breakfast in the sleepy town of Lovelock. After a night that leaves both the Inn's owner and chef dead, the gang finds themselves under suspicion by the local Sheriff. But that's only the beginning as nearly all of the town's quirky residents become possessed by an evil spirit and pin down the friends inside the B&amp;B.
Агония=1975-06-01=Details the life of the Russian monk Rasputin. The film shows his rise to power and how it corrupted him. His sexual perversions and madness ultimatly leads to his gruesome assasination.
La teta asustada=2009-02-12=Fausta is suffering from a rare disease called the Milk of Sorrow, which is transmitted through the breast milk of pregnant women who were abused or raped during or soon after pregnancy. While living in constant fear and confusion due to this disease, she must face the sudden death of her mother. She chooses to take drastic measures to not follow in her mother's footsteps.
Ali Zaoua, prince de la rue=2000-01-01=Ali, Kwita, Omar and Boubker are street kids. The daily dose of glue sniffing represents their only escape from reality. Since they left Dib and his gang, they have been living on the portside of Casablanca. They live in constant fear of Dib's revenge. Ali wants to become a sailor - when he was living with his mother, a prostitute, he used to listen to a fairy tale about the sailor who discovered the miracle island with two suns. Instead of finding his island in the dream, Ali and his friends are confronted with Dib's gang. Matters are getting serious.
Aliisa=1970-11-18=A finnish TV-movie by Jukka Sipilä
紫蝴蝶=2003-05-22=Ding Hui is a member of Purple Butterfly, a powerful resistance group in Japanese occupied Shanghai. An unexpected encounter reunites her with Itami, an ex-lover... and officer with a secret police unit tasked with dismantling Purple Butterfly.
Les Coquillettes=2013-03-20=Three female friends recall their misadventures (more sexual than cinematical) attending the Locarno Film Festival.
रात=1992-02-06="The Sharma family re-locate to a semi-urban locality in a house that has a ""reputation"". The Sharma family consists of Mr. Sharma (Akash Khurana), his wife Shalini Sharma (Rohini Hattangadi), only daughter Manisha Sharma (Revathi) or ""Mini"" as they affectionately call her; and their grandchild Bunty (Master Ateet), as his parents had been killed in an accident. Strange things start happening, with a return of a dead kitten, and the brutal murder of Manisha's friend, Reshmi (Jaya Mathur); an attempt to kill Mr. Sharma and Manisha's boyfriend, Deepak (Kushant). What is the force behind these brutalities? Is it natural or supernatural?"
The Mating Habits of the Earthbound Human=1999-09-03="David Hyde Pierce, playing an alien (credited as infinity-cubed in the opening credits), narrates a courtship in a late-20th century American city as an extraterrestrial nature documentary. The relationship ""footage"" is played straight, while the voice-over (with its most often wildly inaccurate theories) and elaborate visual metaphors add comedy."
Cobra Verde=1987-12-03="""Cobra Verde"" (Green Snake) is a villainous bandit who is hated and feared in his homeland, Brazil. Alienated, discontent, and with little to lose, he accepts an extremely dangerous mission to reopen a slave trade with the Kingdom of Dahomey in West Africa. T"
The Last Big Thing=1998-09-23="From a bland tract house on the outskirts of Los Angeles, Simon Geist (with occasional help from his platonic girlfriend Darla) wages war against all of modern American popular culture. Geist starts up a magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"", which he uses to confront and insult upcoming actors, comics, models and rock bands. As Geist's mysterious Underground Agenda escalates, will he become the ""last big thing"", or be co-opted by the very forces he is railing against? Written by Van Film Fest"
Good Boy, Bad Boy=2007-05-10="As a new principal of a college [of fairly bad reputation], Mr. Awasthi has to take steps which are stringent and yet, fruitful. He has a handful of problems: good students emigrating from the college, the bad ones disrupting the class and similar others. His corrective measures have changed the scenario drastically, except that it has a small glitch- There are two R. Malhotras. Rajan Malhotra is the nerdy ""Good Boy"", while the other R. Malhotra, Raju is the spoiled ""bad Boy"" of the campus. Their Identity cards are mixed up and somehow they find themselves in the opposite sections. The Good one in the bad boys' section and vice versa. Now the principal knows this, and he has proposed their name [real Raju- the bad boy] in the annual quiz and [real rajan- the good boy] dance competitions respectively. Time is short. It is now upon them to prove their mettle in the competitions, in the eyes of their parents..."
Sharpe's Gold=1995-04-01=Sharpe is sent on a mission to exchange rifles for deserters with a strange band of Spanish guerillas. He also has to chaperone two women looking for their missing husband.
I coltelli del vendicatore=1966-05-30=A mysterious knife-throwing viking warrior protects a young peasant woman and her young son from the clutches of a evil regent bent on claiming the title of king and the woman for himself.
Kvinden i buret=2013-10-03=Based on the first book in Jussi Adler-Olsen's bestselling thriller series about Department Q THE KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES tells the story of the two policemen Carl Mørck and Assad who become involved in a five-year-old case concerning a missing woman, Merete. Soon Carl and Assad are on a journey through Scandinavia's darkest corners to find a psychopathic killer.
Butterfly on a Wheel=2007-07-27=A sociopathic kidnapper methodically pushes a desperate pair of parents to their absolute breaking point.
A Mighty Wind=2003-04-16="In ""A Mighty Wind"", director Christopher Guest reunites the team from ""Best In Show"" and ""Waiting for Guffman"" to tell tell the story of 60's-era folk musicians, who inspired by the death of their former manager, get back on the stage for one concert in New York City's Town Hall."
The Blob=1958-09-12=A mysterious creature from another planet, resembling a giant blob of jelly, lands on earth. The people of a nearby small town refuse to listen to some teenagers who have witnessed the blob's destructive power. In the meantime, the blob just keeps on getting bigger.
ハル=2013-06-08=Kurumi’s heart was broken by the sudden death of her boyfriend in a tragic airplane accident. By melding futuristic technology with the binary equivalent of human emotion, a brilliant scientist created an ultra-lifelike robotic surrogate to take Hal’s place – and lure Kurumi from her shroud of solitude.
Les Aventures extraordinaires d'Adèle Blanc-Sec=2010-04-09=An adventure set in the early part of the 20th century, focused on a popular novelist and her dealings with would-be suitors, the cops, monsters, and other distractions.
Only the Strong Survive=2002-01-14=A film featuring the veteran soul music artists and music of Stax Records.
The Omega Man=1971-08-01="Robert Neville, a doctor, due to an experimental vaccine, is the only survivor of an apocalyptic war waged with biological weapons. The plague caused by the war has killed everyone else except for a few hundred deformed, nocturnal people calling themselves ""The Family"". The plague has caused them to become sensitive to light, as well as homicidally psychotic."
Tommy Cooper: Not Like That, Like This=2014-04-21=The life and times of Tommy Cooper
Russkaya Igra=2007-10-04=Italian gambler who is well-skilled in the card trade owes people in authority, and leaves his country to win the money. Arriving in a small Russian town, he tries to show off his tricks to the local card swindlers but is caught and ends up agreeing to a friendship and a cooperation. It is hard not to find oneself liking the gallant Italian.
A Year and Change=2015-11-24=After falling off the roof at a New Year's Eve house party, Owen decides that it's time to make some wholesale changes in his life. Over the next year, he quits drinking, re-enters his estranged son's life, reignites old friendships, and falls in love with Vera, a bank teller and fellow divorcee...all in an attempt to replace members of his family who he'd lost prematurely.
The Secret of NIMH=1982-06-17=A widowed field mouse must move her family -- including an ailing son -- to escape a farmer's plow. Aided by a crow and a pack of superintelligent, escaped lab rats, the brave mother struggles to transplant her home to firmer ground.
Thrive=2011-11-11=An unconventional documentary that lifts the veil on what's really going on in our world by following the money upstream - uncovering the global consolidation of power in nearly every aspect of our lives. Weaving together breakthroughs in science, consciousness and activism, THRIVE offers real solutions, empowering us with unprecedented and bold strategies for reclaiming our lives and our future.
The Smiling Lieutenant=1931-08-01=A misfired flirtation lands a young lieutenant married to a princess instead of the one he loves.
Les Anarchistes=2015-11-11=Set in 1899 Paris, a young police sergeant is chosen to infiltrate a group of anarchists, an opportunity he sees to rise through the ranks. However, he soon finds himself becoming attached to the group.
Palme=2012-09-14=Olof Palme was openly shot to death on a February evening 1986 on the streets of Stockholm. In one night, the country of Sweden was transfigured. “Palme” is about his life, his time, and about the Sweden he had created. About a man who altered history.
Ples v dežju=1961-03-26="Peter is the dark brooding type. Leading a vacuous, shapeless life, he longs for the ideal woman, while at the same time, half heartedly continuing with his habitual girlfriend, Marusa , who is considerably older, a fact that Peter is quick to point out. As an aging actress, struggling for parts in her local theatre, she oozes insecurity and breathes uncertainty. Together, they spend their time in the local restaurant, smoking, drinking and trading verbal blows. ""I bet you'll just end up a drunk,"" she tells Peter each time. Peter just grins and tells her how old she looks. Compounded by a thankless director who soon shows her the door, Marusa finds her identity being squeezed harder and harder against the wall. To escape, Peter and Marusa dream..."
Stolen Lives=2009-10-10=A detective becomes obsessed with solving a child's 50-year-old murder, uncovering striking similarities between the case and his son's disappearance.
20 Million Miles to Earth=1957-02-08=When the first manned flight to Venus returns to Earth, the rocket crash-lands in the Mediterranean near a small Italian fishing village. The locals manage to save one of the astronauts Colonel Calder, the mission commander. A young boy also recovers what turns out to be a specimen of an alien creature. Growing at a fantastic rate, it manages to escape and eventually threatens the city of Rome.
Matching Jack=2010-08-19=A woman struggles with her son's illness and her husband's infidelity, but, after a chance encounter with an Irish sailor and his son, her life is turned upside down in a love story that defies explanation and breaks all the rules.
End of the Century: The Story of The Ramones=2003-01-19=Filmmaker Michael Gramaglia's years-in-the-making biography of the legendary punk band the Ramones entitled End of the Century traces nearly all the various and sundry peaks and valleys which the seminal rockers experienced over the course of its 20-plus year career before disbanding in 1995. Beginning with the band's first concert performances in the mid-'70s, Gramaglia explores the eccentric and highly volatile band members -- in all the various line-ups that were presented over the years -- as the Ramones slowly gained fame for their high energy and high-tempo style of music that would later influence generations of punk rockers around the world. Mixing archival interviews with new interviews of the various surviving bandmembers, as well as interviews with a number of the Ramones' contemporaries, End of the Century encapsulates the East Coast underground music atmosphere of the 1970s and '80s that the band inadvertently shocked into existence.
Guardian Angel=1994-11-22=Detective - turned - bodyguard Cynthia McKay (Cynthia Rothrock) is hired by a psychotic icy seductress, Nina Lindell (Lydie Denier), the same woman who killed Mckay's lover months earlier.  With vendetta in her heart McKay accompanies the flamboyantly playful womanizer through the glamourous world of the super-rich as his protector.  In a unique role reversal, it is the woman protecting the man from another woman, erupting into a deadly triangle of passion, suspense and action.
Die Konferenz der Tiere=1969-12-13="Eines Tages wird es den Tieren zu bunt: Ständig wird unter den Menschen Krieg geführt. Als Alois, der Löwe, erfährt, daß soeben die 365. Friedenskonferenz gescheitert ist, beschließen die Tiere, daß es höchste Zeit sei, sich einzumischen: Sie berufen eine eigene, ""tierische"" Friedenskonferenz. Mit viel Mut und noch mehr Phantasie entwickeln sie einen Plan, damit unter den Menschen in aller Welt endlich Friden herrschen kann ..."
A Message to Garcia=1936-04-10=A fiery Cuban woman guides an emissary from the U.S. president through the jungles of war-torn Cuba.
Hungry Hill=1947-01-07=Life becomes a tragedy for the wife (Margaret Lockwood) of an Irish heir (Dennis Price) to a 19th-century family feud and fortune.
John Oliver: Terrifying Times=2008-04-20="American viewers may know him best as the British correspondent on ""The Daily Show,"" but John Oliver is also an accomplished stand-up comic. In his first Comedy Central special Oliver tackles the topics that perplex him about the United States. He takes well-aimed shots at the American political process and the invasion of Iraq (including how the Brits would have done it differently), and argues for reparations from the Revolutionary War."
Trollflöjten=1975-01-01=The Queen of the Night enlists a handsome prince named Tamino to rescue her beautiful kidnapped daughter, Princess Pamina, in this screen adaptation of the beloved Mozart opera. Aided by the lovelorn bird hunter Papageno and a magical flute that holds the power to change the hearts of men, young Tamino embarks on a quest for true love, leading to the evil Sarastro's temple where Pamina is held captive.
Inside Daisy Clover=1966-02-17=A girl on the road to stardom fights the dehumanizing effects of Hollywood life.
Cool World=1992-07-10="Jack Deebs is a cartoonist who is due to be released from jail. His comic book ""Cool World"" describes a zany world populated by ""doodles"" (cartoon characters) and ""noids"" (humanoids). What Jack didn't realize is that Cool World really does exist, and a ""doodle"" scientist has just perfected a machine which links Cool World with our world. Intrigued at seeing his creating come to life, Jack is nonetheless wary as he knows that not everything in Cool World is exactly friendly."
Color Adjustment=1992-01-29=From Amos 'n' Andy to Nat King Cole, from Roots to The Cosby Show, blacks have played many roles on primetime television. Brilliantly weaving clips from classic TV shows with commentary from TV producers, black actors and scholars, Marlon Riggs blends humor, insight, and thoughtful analysis to explore the evolution of black/white relations as reflected by America's favorite addiction.
Ansikte mot Ansikte=1976-04-05=A sensitive exploration of the tragic irony of the psychiatrist suffering with mental illness.
ஆசை=1995-09-25=The story goes around Suvalakshmi, who is one of the two daughters of an orthodox family. The film starts off when Yamuna (Suvalakshmi) comes to Madras for her studies. Major Madhavan (Prakashraj) is the husband of Yamuna's elder sister, and it was love at first sight for him. Meanwhile, Yamuna falls in love with Jeeva (Ajithkumar), a handsome young man who too loves her. Then there is a scene which shows Madhavan telling his love that he has on Yamuna to his wife.
Cut=2000-02-23=A group of film students set out to finish filming a movie that was never completed after its director was murdered. After they begin filming, they realize they're in for a bit of trouble, not unlike the late director...
葉問3=2015-12-19=When a band of brutal gangsters led by a crooked property developer make a play to take over the city, Master Ip is forced to take a stand.
Amazing Journey: The Story of The Who=2007-09-14=A documentary on The Who, featuring interviews with the band's two surviving members, Pete Townshend and Roger Daltrey.
Lamerica=2015-10-15=Lamerica is a cinematic documentary that takes the viewer on a journey across the States, with portraits of salt of the earth Americans and chromatic landscapes, through 16mm frames evocative of postcards from the road.
Book of Love=2004-01-18=Living among fusty academics, an unusual young man gets between a high school history teacher and his wife.
Rope=1948-08-23="Two young men strangle their ""inferior"" classmate, hide his body in their apartment, and invite his friends and family to a dinner party as a means to challenge the ""perfection"" of their crime."
Surfer, Dude=2008-09-05=A wave twisting tale of a soul searching surfer experiencing an existential crisis.
I Love You to Death=1990-04-06=Joey Boca is the owner of a pizza parlor located in Tacoma, Washington, and has been married to Rosalie for years. Rosalie is horrified to discover that Joey is a womanizer and has been cheating on her for a long time. Based on the true story of Frances and Anthony Toto.
Kod amidže Idriza=2004-08-20=Fuke visits his uncle Idriz and aunt Sabira to fix a broken boiler. He soon finds out there's a lot more that needs to be repaired. Idriz and Sabira aren't ready to accept the loss of their only son in the Balkan war, seven years earlier. When Fuke's car refuses to start, Fuke has to stay over in their house. He meets a lot of old friends and neighbors there.
Party 7=2000-09-27=Seven characters, introduced at the start of the film, get thrown together into the same hotel room: a thief who's stolen a suitcase of money from the mob, his ex-girlfriend, her obsessive boyfriend, the mob soldier sent to retrieve the briefcase, another mobster sent to kill them, master voyeur Captain Banana and his new apprentice, The Mister Yellow. Who will end up with the money?
Spacehunter: Adventures in the Forbidden Zone=1983-05-20=Three women makes an emergency landing on a planet plagued with a fatal disease, but are captured by dictator Overdog. Adventurer Wolff goes there to rescue them and meets Niki, the only Earthling left from a medical expedition. Combining their talents, they try to rescue the women.
The Midnight Game=2013-03-02=After playing a pagan ritual on a dare, a group of high school students find themselves trapped in an endless cycle of their worst fears.
Superman/Shazam!: The Return of Black Adam=2010-11-09=Chosen the world’s protector against the Seven Deadly Enemies of Man – pride, envy, greed, hatred, selfishness, laziness and injustice – young Billy Batson accepts his destiny as Captain Marvel. Battling alongside Superman against nefarious Black Adam, Billy soon discovers the challenge super heroes ultimately face: is it revenge or justice?
Alaska: Silence And Solitude=2005-09-06=Alaska Silence &amp; Solitude is the follow up to Alone in the Wilderness, filmed 20 years later. Bob Swerer and Bob Swerer Sr. visit Dick Proenneke at his famous cabin on Twin Lakes where the wildlife is still abundant and the scenery is spectacular.
Soul Men=2008-11-07=Two former backup soul singers, Louis and Floyd, have not spoken to each other in 20 years, and reluctantly agree to travel across the country together to a reunion concert to honor their recently-deceased lead singer. Cleo, a beautiful young woman who is believed to be Floyd's daughter, accompanies them as a new singer.
On a marché sur Bangkok=2014-10-22=Serge Renart, a television journalist who's now a has-been, and Natacha Bison, a war reporter who has been laid off because she posed too much of a danger to her colleagues, find themselves forced to investigate a story together, which will take them to Thailand, in search of one of the best kept secrets of contemporary history.  What really happened during the televised broadcast of the Apollo 11 mission, when man first walked on the moon?
Sheba, Baby=1975-03-26=Sheba, a Chicago private detective returns back home to Louisville, Kentucky, to help her father fight mobsters.
The Wedding Video=2012-08-17=When the rogueish but loveable Raif is asked to be his brother Tim's best man at his wedding, he decides the best present for the happy newlyweds would be to catch the entire thing on video. He returns home from abroad to find his brother is no longer the bohemian vagabond that he used to be, and is in fact marrying into a very wealthy family, and the wedding they're about to be part of will be the most outlandish and bizarre that Cheshire has ever seen... Thank the lord Raif has caught it all on tape!
Youth Without Youth=2007-10-26=A love story wrapped in a mystery. Set in Europe before WWII, professor of language and philosophy Dominic Matei is struck by lightning and  ages backwards from 70 to 40 in a week, attracting the world and the Nazis. While on the run, the professor meets a young woman who has her own experience with a lightning storm. Not only does Dominic find love again, but her new abilities hold the key to his research.
Nattlek=1966-09-12=Jan (Keve Hjelm) fights impotence (literal and symbolic) and anguished childhood memories in a decadent Swedish castle where risqué parties and daring scenes defy 1960s' movie censorship, reaffirming the ground-breaking role of Swedish films in helping advance adult, sexually concerned themes in international cinema.
Così come sei=1978-09-14=A May-December romance. Roué Giulio Marengo, a Roman landscape architect unhappy in his marriage, meets Francesca, a young and beautiful Florentine, and then learns she might be his daughter. He resolves to keep his hands off but can't seem to stay away, and she's eager for a lover who's a father figure.
The Barretts of Wimpole Street=1934-09-21=Elizabeth Barrett's tyrannical father has forbidden any of his family to marry. Nevertheless, Elizabeth falls in love with the poet Robert Browning.
Easy Living=1937-07-16=J.B. Ball, a rich financier, gets fed up with his free-spending family. He takes his wife's just-bought (very expensive) sable coat and throws it out the window, it lands on poor hard-working girl Mary Smith. But it isn't so easy to just give away something so valuable, as he soon learns.
A Cry in the Wilderness=1974-03-26=The father of a wilderness family gets bitten by a skunk, and fearing rabies, chains himself to a barn to protect his family should he go mad. He orders his son not to come near him no matter how persuasive or rational his appearance or argument. However, the creek dries up, indicating an upstream blockage and an imminent flood. Several trips upstream by the son have failed to locate the blockage and now Dad wants to be released...
St. Ives=1976-08-01=A dabbler-in-crime and his assistant hire an ex-police reporter to recover some stolen papers.
The Secrets of Jonathan Sperry=2008-04-27=The lives of three 12-year-old buddies -- sharing a carefree existence in the summer of 1970 -- suddenly change when one of them, Dustin, makes an unexpected friend after cutting the lawn of 75-year-old Jonathan Sperry. As Jonathan shares lessons in faith with Dustin and his pals, a spiritual transformation occurs in this Christian drama.
Captives=1994-05-03=A beautiful young dentist working in a tough British prison starts to become attracted to a violent inmate after the break-up of her marriage, and embarks upon an illicit affair with him, with terrible consequences for all.
Reasonable Doubt=2014-01-17=When up-and-coming District Attorney Mitch Brockden commits a fatal hit-and-run, he feels compelled to throw the case against the accused criminal who was found with the body and blamed for the crime. Following the trial, Mitch's worst fears come true when he realizes that he acquitted a guilty man, and he soon finds himself on the hunt for the killer before more victims pile up.
Sr. Pig=2016-07-22=On a mission to sell his last remaining prize hog and reunite with old friends, an aging farmer abandons his foreclosed farm and journeys to Mexico. After smuggling in the hog, his estranged daughter shows up, forcing them to face their past and embark on an adventurous road trip together.
The Age of Stupid=2009-09-21=The Age of Stupid is the new movie from Director Franny Armstrong (McLibel) and producer John Battsek (One Day In September). Pete Postlethwaite stars as a man living alone in the devastated future world of 2055, looking at old footage from 2008 and asking: why didn’t we stop climate change when we had the chance?
力王=1991-10-05=Hard man Ricky is incarcerated in a futuristic prison where ultra-violence is his only means of survival in the corrupt, sadistic system. He must battle his way quite literally 'through' the feared 'gang of four', and undergo multiple tortures before facing the governor in one of the goriest climaxes ever seen.
Young People=1940-08-30=Wendy Ballantine's parents decide to retire from show biz so she can have a normal life. They are unwelcome in the small town until a storm lets the family show their stuff.
Quand on a 17 Ans=2016-02-27=Set in the beautiful high Pyrenees in south-west France, Damien lives with his mother Marianne, a doctor, while his father, a pilot, is on a tour of duty abroad with the French military. At school, Damien is bullied by Thomas,  who lives in the farming community up in the mountains, nut learns to fight back. The boys find themselves living together when Marianne invites Thomas to come and stay with them while his mother is ill in hospital. Damien must learn to live with the boy who terrorised him.
One Man Force=1989-09-21=In this action packed film, an L.A. cop speeds off to get revenge upon the dirty drug-dealing dogs who killed his partner
Kingpin=1996-07-04=After bowler Roy Munson swindles the wrong crowd and is left with a hook for a hand, he settles into impoverished obscurity. That is, until he uncovers the next big thing: an Amish kid named Ishmael. So, the corrupt and the hopelessly naïve hit the circuit intent on settling an old score with Big Ern.
Gasherbrum - Der leuchtende Berg=1985-03-09=Werner Herzog follows mountaineers Hans Kammerlander and Reinhold Messner during their expedition into climbing the Gasherbrum mountains, which has some of the most difficult peaks to be conquered, and they'll do it without the use of oxygen tanks. Herzog also takes some time to hear about their past experiences with other mountains, their personal tragedies and the reasons why they are so involved with such activity.
Vision - Aus dem Leben der Hildegard von Bingen=2009-09-24=Hildegard von Bingen was truly a woman ahead of her time. A visionary in every sense of the word, this famed 12th-century Benedictine nun was a Christian mystic, composer, philosopher, playwright, poet, naturalist, scientist, physician, herbalist and ecological activist.
Zenzen daijobu=2008-01-01=A comedy about two listless brothers who fall for the same girl
Twenty Bucks=1993-10-21=A story about the life of a twenty dollar bill as it weaves in and out of the various lives of several people.
Shadow of the Thin Man=1941-11-21=Nick and Nora are at their wise-cracking best as they investigate murder and racketeering at a local race-track.
The Kiss of Her Flesh=1968-12-31=A weapons expert who murdered his unfaithful stripper wife and her lover goes on a killing spree, bumping off exotic dancers and hookers, while plotting the demise of his wife's swinging bisexual sister and her kinky boyfriend.
Marvel One-Shot: The Consultant=2011-09-12=Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the World Security Council wishes Emil Blonsky to be released from prison to join the Avengers Initiative. As Nick Fury doesn't want to release Blonsky, the two agents decide to send a patsy to sabotage the meeting...
The Gods Must Be Crazy=1980-09-10="Misery is brought to a small group of Sho in the Kalahari desert in the form of a cola bottle. In his quest to throw the evil object over the edge of the earth, Xixo encounters Western ""civilization,"" a haphazard doctor and a tyranical despot."
Full Moon in Blue Water=1988-11-23="Floyd, the owner of a bar on the Texas coast, has been depressed for a year after his wife disappeared in a swimming accident. He lives with his senile father-in-law ""The General"" and is helped by Jimmy, a former asylum inmate, and the good-natured Louise. The bar is rapidly losing money and Charlie wants to buy it cheaply before it becomes publicly known that a nearby bridge is to be built. Louise offers her savings to go into partnership with Floyd, but Floyd decides to sell when he is forced to pay his back taxes."
Dr. Ketel=2011-09-17=Berlin’s notorious Neukoelln district. The near future. A time in which the health system has collapsed. A man works in the shadows and without license as a doctor. He has no practice, no appointments system. He treats people in the courtyards and streets – everywhere he’s needed, stealing medicine from pharmacies. Nobody knows his name or that by day he’s the caretaker of a shabby tenement building. He pushes boundaries and suffers defeats that cost him the last of his strength. Forced to adopt the role of a shadow, an outlaw, he is confronted with the question as to whether he really is a doctor.
BirdWatchers - La terra degli uomini rossi=2008-08-31=Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil, the present. When a young Guarani-Kaiowá woman commits suicide, Nádio leads his community to form a protest camp on the borders of a local farm that sits on their ancestral burial ground.
The Second Woman=1950-07-07=In flashback from a 'Rebecca'-style beginning: Ellen Foster, visiting her aunt on the California coast, meets neighbor Jeff Cohalan and his ultramodern clifftop house. Ellen is strongly attracted to Jeff, who's being plagued by unexplainable accidents, major and minor. Bad luck, persecution...or paranoia? Warned that Jeff could be dangerous, Ellen fears that he's in danger, as the menacing atmosphere darkens.
Wolke 9=2008-05-17=A romantic drama about a woman who enters into an affair after 30 years of marriage.
The Time of Your Life=1976-03-10=William Saroyan's Pulitzer Prize-winning play revolves around the denizens of a San Francisco bar in 1939. Lonely, lovelorn, weary or cynical, the characters drift in and out of the bar and each other's lives, giving voice to Saroyan's philosophies as they randomly comment about the impending world war, the beauty of art, and traditional notions of good and evil. At least one of the relationships stands a chance of enduring: a brawny innocent named Tom is falling in love with a vulnerable young prostitute named Kitty. Saroyan himself is heard reciting the play's prologue.
ろくでなし=1960-07-05="Yoshida's first feature follows the lives of young students against a background of jazz, emptiness and boredom. The plot is fairly simple: a ""good-for-nothing"" from a poor background falls in love with the young secretary of his rich friend's father. The woman senses good in him and tries to lead him on the right path."
Strange Cargo=1940-03-01=Convicts escaping from Devil's Island come under the influence of a strange Christ-like figure.
Jig=2011-11-30=Documentary telling the compelling story of the 40th Irish Dancing World Championships.
Honeymoon=2014-09-12=A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds Bea wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night.
Category 7: The End of the World=2005-11-06=It's tornadoes, hurricanes, electrical storms, and mass destruction as the effects of global warming brew into a super storm that threatens to rend the earth with an unprecedented power. Beautiful scientist Faith Clavell, storm chaser Tommy Tornado, and Judith Carr, the head of FEMA, can stop the inevitable from happening-if they have the courage to venture into the roiling blackness of the storm itself.
The Butterfly Ball=1977-04-01=Excessive drug use during the '60s and '70s led to all sorts of execrable behaviour from addled musicians who were psychedelically deluded into thinking that making overblown rock operas was a really good idea. While the Beatles’ ill advised Magical Mystery Tour fiasco is likely the worst of these self-indulgent, extremely un-rock and roll epics, having members of Deep Purple convene to record a soundtrack for a kiddie animated cartoon narrated by Vincent Price should also be placed in the “ideas that sound best while tripping on acid” folder. But me, I’m still ready for my flashback. (from: http://www.boxofficeprophets.com/hyde/wishlist2003.asp)
From Beyond the Grave=1974-02-23="Four customers purchase (or take) items from Temptations Limited, an antiques shop whose motto is ""Offers You Cannot Resist"". A nasty fate awaits all of them—particularly those who cheat the shop's Proprietor."
The Derby Stallion=2005-07-04=An alcoholic former horse-trainer perceives in a fifteen-year-old boy a unique gift of horsemanship and makes it possible for the boy to conceive his dream and pursue it.
Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation=1962-06-15=James Stewart and Maureen O'Hara star as Roger and Peggy Hobbs, a St. Louis couple with a large brood who desire a seaside vacation. Renting a cottage by the ocean is just the first step in a summer fraught with disasters, including a couch potato son, a shy daughter with newly installed braces, a pair of grown daughters who have married badly, and a local yachtsman with eyes for Peggy. Not to mention the ramshackle state of the shoreline abode, Roger and Peggy's new grandparent status, and incidents involving a sexy neighbor, a sailboat regatta and bird watching. ~ Karl Williams, All Movie Guide
Hawaiian Vacation=2011-06-16=The toys throw Ken and Barbie a Hawaiian vacation in Bonnie's room.
ABE=2013-04-16=A short film about a robot programmed for love who wants to fix the humans who do not love him back.
Canciones de amor en Lolita's Club=2007-11-30=The plot follows the story of twin brothers, one is a coldhearted violent police officer, the other is a helpless romantic with a mental disability. The two brothers are tragically involved with a prostitute who works in the bordello that gives the film its title. The film was adapted from an eponymous novel written by Juan Marsé.
Rolling Thunder=1977-10-14=A Vietnam veteran, Charles Rane, returns home after years in a POW camp and is treated as a hero. When thugs invade his home to steal the silver coins he received for his service, they mangle his hand and leave him and his family for dead. Rane survives and becomes obsessed with getting revenge. Aided by his loyal friend Johnny Vohden, Rane, now wielding a hook for a hand, sets out on his mission of vengeance.
Summer Rental=1985-08-09=Jack Chester, an overworked air traffic controller, takes his family on vacation to the beach. Things immediately start to go wrong for the Chesters, and steadily get worse. Jack ends up in a feud with a local yachtsman, and has to race him to regain his pride and family's respect.
The Bridge at Remagen=1969-06-25=In March of 1945, as the War in Europe is coming to a close, fighting erupts between German and American troops at the last remaining bridgehead across the Rhine.
Alles auf Zucker!=2005-01-06=Germany director Dani Levy filmed this comedy about Jewish life in today’s Germany along side the familiar east-west conflict. With it great success this film is a joyful comedy of humor and knowledge.
In jenen Tagen=1947-06-13=Told in seven chapters, Käutner’s first postwar film portrays the lives of average people overwhelmed and traumatized by the impact of fascism. Käutner uses the framing device of an automobile whose various owners serve as the film’s protagonists and initiate its episodic structure. The characters represent an interesting cross-section of the German people including a deserting soldier, a Jewish couple and a composer who has been labeled as subversive. During a time when most Germans wanted to forget the past, Käutner eschewed the controlled setting of the UFA studios and chose to film in the bombed out streets of Berlin, crafting a humanistic rendering of recent history.
Riot in Cell Block 11=1954-02-28=A prisoner leads his counterparts in a protest for better living conditions which turns violent and ugly.
A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner!=2011-07-09=The television movie is set in the city of Dimmsdale and centers on the series' main protagonist Timmy Turner with his fairy godparents Cosmo and Wanda and his fairy godbrother Poof. In the movie, Timmy is now 23 years old but is still in fifth grade with his fairy-obsessed fifth grade teacher Mr. Crocker. Despite being grown up, Timmy finds a loophole in the fairy rulebook Da Rules: if he continues to act like a kid, he will still get to keep his fairies. However, the dilemma rises when Tootie, who was once a dorky girl when she was 10 years old, returns to Dimmsdale as an attractive woman. Timmy falls in love with her, a sign that he is growing up to an adult, which means he is closer to losing his fairies. Meanwhile, an oil business tycoon named Hugh J. Magnate, Jr., who teams up with Mr. Crocker, plans to use Timmy's fairies' magic in order to promote his oil business.
Carlito's Way=1993-11-10=A Puerto-Rican ex-con, just released from prison, pledges to stay away from drugs and violence despite the pressure around him and lead on to a better life outside of NYC.
Sangue del mio sangue=2015-09-09=Northern Italy, 17th century. In a monastery, a nun accused of witchcraft tries to seduce a young confessor who refuses to yield to his searing temptation.
Pushing Hands=1992-02-01="The story is about an elderly Chinese tai chi chuan teacher and grandfather who emigrates from Beijing to live with his son, American daughter-in-law, and grandson in a New York City suburb. The grandfather is increasingly distanced from the family as a ""fish out of water"" in Western culture."
Hungry=2014-01-01="How many hot dogs could you eat in 10 minutes? Follow the jaw-dropping lives of some of America's top competitive eaters, including Takeru Kobayashi, who is world famous for his six consecutive wins at the Nathan's Famous Fourth of July International Hot Dog-Eating Contest - the ""Super Bowl"" of competitive eating."
Shadow=2010-05-14=A Young soldier returning from Iraq goes on a high mountain adventure in a desolate place in Europe to forget his past, he will lear truth in a mysterious local legend discovering that reality can be sicker than nightmares.
Beyond the Poseidon Adventure=1979-05-18="After ""The Poseidon Adventure"", in which the ship got flipped over by a tidal wave, the ship drifts bottom-up in the sea. While the passengers are still on board waiting to be rescued, two rivaling salvage parties enter the ship on search for money, gold and a small amount of plutonium."
La révolution française=1989-10-01=A history of the French Revolution from the decision of the king to convene the Etats-Generaux in 1789 in order to deal with France's debt problem. The first part of the movie tells the story from 1789 until August 10, 1792 (when the King Louis XVI lost all his authority and was put in prison). The second part carries the story through the end of the terror in 1794, including the deaths by guillotine of Louis XVI, Marie-Antoinette, Danton, and Desmoulins.
Sügis=1990-12-20="In the follow-up of Estonian classics ""Kevade"" (1969) and ""Suvi"" (1976) the same characters have reached their middle-age. Everybody are living quiet family-life but Kiir the tailor who one more time decides to become a farmer and get married."
Death in Brunswick=1990-11-08=A reserved man in need of a job, Carl Fitzgerald finds employment at a Greek restaurant. Upon meeting waitress Sophie, Carl begins dating the attractive woman. Though it seems things are improving for Carl, an unexpected situation leads to the death of Mustafa, a shady coworker, and Carl must figure out how to cover up the incident. Unsure of what to do, Carl enlists the help of his buddy, Dave, to get rid of Mustafa's corpse.
One Night at McCool's=2001-04-19=Every man has a different recollection of the beautiful young woman who wreaked havoc on their lives during one heated night.
Seven Ways from Sundown=1960-09-25="Audie Murphy is again the kid who puts on a badge to catch the bad guy, skillfully played by Barry Sullivan. On the way back to town the two develop a curiously close relationship - Sullivan passes up several chances to get away - but in the end Sullivan ""asks for it"" and Murphy obliges."
Catfight=2017-03-03=The rivalry between two former college friends comes to a head when they both attend the same glamorous event.
Ива́ново де́тство=1962-05-05=Poetic journey through the shards and shadows of one boy’s war-ravaged youth.
Secondhand Lions=2003-09-19="""Secondhand Lions"" follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant, eccentric great-uncles, whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives."
The Angrez=2006-06-02="The Angrez is a 2006 Indian comedy movie directed by Kuntaa Nikkil. In this movie, the word ""Angrez"" refers to English people and non-resident Indians.  The movie was a trendsetter in that, it was one of the first to effectively and humorously, often resorting to the slapstick kind, portray the dialect of the Old City and the Hyderabadi tongue. The film also portrays the fascination for American materialism, the hype around the IT industry and the lifestyle and culture it has spawned."
Волчок=2009-10-01="There are two of them: a mother and a girl. They have no names. And they are in a constant run. The mother runs away from the daughter in an attempt to start new life, and the girl runs after her mother as she has no idea how to live without her. This endless run is full with repeated mistakes and resembles a barrel-organ sorrowful song or a spinning-top rotation. This small ridiculous toy ""volchok"" was the first toy in the girl's life, the only thing that tied her with the mother."
Ludwig=1972-12-29=A history of Ludwig, king of Bavaria, from his crowning in 1864 until his death in 1886.
The Last Chase=1981-04-01=Twenty years after the American people have been told the oil has run out and disease has scared them into complacency, the United States has become a fascist state. One man, former race car driver Franklyn Hart, now a puppet spokesman for public transportation, rebuilds his race car and sets off to California from Boston where people have returned to living life like they were twenty years prior.
Freshman Orientation=2004-01-18="A typical Midwestern 18 year-old freshman at a large state university eager to delve into the college party life, instead discovers that school is not the beer-driven, sexual fantasy of his imagination. Determined to do anything to obtain the girl of his dreams (a gorgeous but reluctant sorority girl), he decides to adopt a gay identity in order to insinuate himself in her life. This casual charade, however, quickly lands him in a morass of campus activism, gender warfare, fraternity hazes, sorority torture, ""coming out"" narratives, political martyrdom, and ultimately, a university-wide meltdown."
When Ladies Meet=1933-06-23=Mary, a writer working on a novel about a love triangle, is attracted to her publisher. Her suitor Jimmy is determined to break them up; he introduces Mary to the publisher's wife without telling Mary who she is.
Thoroughly Modern Millie=1967-03-21="Millie Dillmount, a fearless young lady fresh from Salina, Kansas, determined to experience Life, sets out to see the world in the rip-roaring Twenties. With high spirits and wearing one of those new high hemlines, she arrives in New York to test the ""modern"" ideas she had been reading about back in Kansas: ""I've taken the girl out of Kansas. Now I have to take Kansas out of the girl!"""
Når mor kommer hjem...=1998-02-06=Three siblings ingeniously avoid being sent off to a children's home while their solo-mother serves a short sentence in a prison for shoplifting. Rather than have the news leak out and have to be escorted off with the eccentric welfare officer, they invent a 'never present' dad who is looking after them.
Which Way Is Up?=1977-01-01=Richard Pryor plays three roles - a beleaguered, sex-starved farm worker named Leroy Jones; the farm worker's randy old father Rufus; and the hypocritical town preacher Rev. Lenox Thomas - and Pryor has never been so outrageously funny. The lives and love lives of these three men cross and crisscross as Leroy tries to get his life back on track.
Tomato Red=2017-02-24=When small town drifter Sammy Barlach drives into town on the search for his next cold beer and the bunch that'll have him, he gets a lot more than he bargained for.
Geu-rim-ja sal-in=2009-02-16=The story takes place in occupied Korea at the start of the 20th century, where a young student in medicine discovers the murdered body of the son of a government official. Being scared of being accused, he decides to hire Hong Jin-ho (a detective) to help him find the murderer before the police accuse him of the murder.
The Wedding Singer=1998-02-13=Robbie, a local rock star turned wedding singer, is dumped on the day of his wedding. Meanwhile, waitress Julia finally sets a wedding date with her fiancée Glenn. When Julia and Robbie meet and hit it off, they find that things are more complicated than anybody thought.
The Trip to Spain=2017-08-31=Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon embark on a road trip along the coast of Spain.
Arguing the World=1998-01-07=A true story of four Jewish intellectuals born in New York and educated at City College during the 1930s, and their divergent paths over the next six decades.
Blame It on the Bellboy=1992-03-06=Mike Lawton, Maurice Horton, and Melvin Orton are three men who come to Venice. One of them is a hit man sent to take out a mobster. Another is a lech looking for a little action with a woman he never met, whom he was set up with. And one of them was sent by his employer to inspect a property his boss wants to buy. All three men stay at the same hotel. But when the bellboy gets their names mixed up and gives info meant for someone else. So one of them meets a Realtor who will whatever she has to, to close the sale. And another follows a woman looking for romance. And another goes to the home of the mobster who thinks he's sent there to kill him.
Leap of Faith=1992-12-18=Jonas Nightengale is a fraudulent Christian faith healer who makes a living travelling around America holding revival meetings and conducting 'miracles' with the help of his friend and manager, Jane, and their entourage. One of their trucks breaks down in Rustwater, a town in desperate need of rain to save their crops. While waiting for spare parts, Jonas decides to hold a revival meeting in the town. The local sheriff, Will Braverman, is skeptical and tries to prevent his town and its people from being conned. However a local disabled boy, Boyd, believes Jonas could make him walk again. Events in Rustwater make Jonas examine his own faith and doubts.
Look What's Happened to Rosemary's Baby=1976-10-29=Having been adopted by the madam of a southwestern brothel, a now adult Adrian must cope with the fact that he's Satan's kid, and not living up to his expectations.
Best Defense=1984-07-20=Wylie is a lazy engineer. Landry is a Sergeant specialising in Armour. They have never met but their lives become entangled when Landry must take the tank Wylie designed into combat. Wylie is waiting for his employer to go out of business when he meets another engineer who gives him a disk with the plans for a system that will save his employer. The other engineer is dead moments later leaving Wylie with the disk and credit for the design. Suddenly Wylie is no longer a hack, but the saviour of his company and finds his life is no longer the same.
Die Nibelungen: Kriemhilds Rache=1924-04-25=After Siegfried's death, Kriemhild marries Etzel, the King of the Huns. She gives birth to a child, and invites her brothers for a party. She tries to persuade Etzel and the other Huns to kill Hagen, the murderer of Siegfried, but he is protected by her brothers. A fierce battle begins to force her brothers to give Hagen to her.
The Curse of Sleeping Beauty=2016-05-05=Thomas Kaiser inherits an ancestral mansion that has been in his family for generations — only to learn that he has also inherited an ancient curse stemming back to the Crusades. Forced into his new role as “protector” — the guardian appointed to keep the evil demons in the house at bay — Thomas teams with an ambitious local realtor and paranormal cleric to unravel the mystery of the house, while struggling to awaken the beautiful Briar Rose, held captive in a terrifying netherworld seen previously in his dreams.
Big Bad Mama=1974-09-19=Mama and daughters get forced by circumstances into bootlegging and bank robbing, and travel across the country trailed by the law.
Grosse Pointe Blank=1997-04-11=Martin Blank is a freelance hitman who starts to develop a conscience, which causes him to muff a couple of routine assignments. On the advice of his secretary and his psychiatrist, he attends his 10th year High School reunion in Grosse Pointe, Michigan.
Shooting Star=2007-09-15="Sierra Young is a rising ingénue, making $10 million per picture. She's also a spoiled brat, partying all night, complaining on the set, unable to perform well. After a tantrum, in which she gets two black eyes, the director has her sent to a rehab clinic in a remote Utah town. Within a day, she's run away and is taken in by Nettie, who runs a bed and breakfast inn. Sierra also meets Nettie's grandson, Tyler, head of the local community theater. Sierra invents a name, tells Nettie a wild story, and reads for a part in Tyler's production of ""Taming of the Shrew."" Meanwhile, her entourage hires a private eye to find her. In a small town of real people, will she find herself first?"
Enemy=2013-12-31=A mild-mannered college professor discovers a look-alike actor and delves into the other man's private affairs.
Ken=1964-03-14=Kokubu Jiro is the captain of his university's Kendo team. Often standoffish, mild, stoic and minimalist, Kokubu is a mystery to those who know him. Kagawa wants to understand Kokubu, but being arrogant and flashy, has a hard time connecting with Kokubu.
A Night Out=1915-02-15=After a visit to a pub, Charlie and Ben cause a ruckus at a posh restaurant. Charlie later finds himself in a compromising position at a hotel with the head waiter's wife.
Cry, the Beloved Country=1952-04-26=In the back country of South Africa, black minister Stephen Kumalo (Canada Lee) journeys to the city to search for his missing son, only to find his people living in squalor and his son a criminal. Reverend Misimangu (Sidney Poitier) is a young South African clergyman who helps find his missing son-turned-thief and sister-turned-prostitute in the slums of Johannesburg.
Jane Wants a Boyfriend=2015-11-11=A young woman with Asperger's tries to find her first boyfriend with a little help from her older sister.
Oblivion=2013-04-10=Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth.  Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs, Jack’s mission is nearly complete.  His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful  stranger from a downed spacecraft.  Her arrival triggers a chain of events that  forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands.
Don't Look Now=1973-12-03=After Laura and John Baxter lose their only child in a horrible drowning, they are greeted by strange sightings of her throughout their everyday lives. When two old ladies approach them in Italy with news that their daughter may still be alive, it seems too good to be true. Perhaps it is...
No Home Movie=2015-08-10=Documentary about humans dealing with changing technology, the basic concepts of communication, cinema, and Akerman's mother, seen in her Brussels apartment.
Keep On Keepin’ On=2014-08-08=Eighty-nine year old trumpeting legend Clark Terry has mentored jazz wonders like Miles Davis and Quincy Jones, but Terry’s most unlikely friendship is with Justin Kauflin, a 23-year-old blind piano player with uncanny talent, but debilitating nerves. As Justin prepares for the most pivotal moment in his budding career, Terry’s ailing health threatens to end his own.
Lady Blue Shanghai=2010-05-16=A nameless woman (Marion Cotillard) enters her Shanghai hotel room to find a vintage record playing and a blue Dior purse that seems to come from nowhere. The security guards that search her room find nothing and ask if the bag belongs to an acquaintance. The question reveals to the woman a vision of her traveling to the Pearl Tower and old Shanghai in search of a lost lover who cant stay with her...
C'est quoi cette famille ?!=2016-08-10="Thirteen-year-old Bastien is the center of a reconstructed family: 6 half-brothers and sisters, 8 ""parents,"" and as many houses. His tasks within the family are far more complex than what he has to do at school.  But enough's enough: the children decide to wage a revolution and turn the rules upside down. All together, the squat a large apartment and now it'll be up to the parents to come to them!"
The Wistful Widow of Wagon Gap=1947-10-07=Chester Wooley (Lou Costello) and Duke Egan (Bud Abbott) are traveling salesmen who make a stopover in Wagon Gap, Montana while enroute to California. During the stopover, a notorious criminal, Fred Hawkins, is murdered, and the two are charged with the crime.
Breakfast with Scot=2007-11-16=Eric and Sam have been in a committed relationship for four years. Eric's a former hockey player turned sportscaster and Sam's a sport's lawyer. But when Sam's adventure seeking brother Billy, takes a job in South America, his ex-girlfriend, Julie, is discovered dead from a drug overdose leaving her son Scot (not Billy's son) to Billy.
Sleight=2017-04-28=A young street magician is left to take care of his little sister after his mother's passing and turns to drug dealing in the Los Angeles party scene to keep a roof over their heads. When he gets into trouble with his supplier, his sister is kidnapped and he is forced to rely on both his sleight of hand and brilliant mind to save her.
2001 Maniacs=2005-05-12=On their way to Spring Break, college kids take a detour through an old Southern town. The people of Pleasant Valley insist the kids stay for their annual barbecue celebration... but instead of getting a taste of the old South, the old South gets a taste of them!
First Comes Love=2013-05-13=With great wit and insight, New York City filmmaker Nina Davenport documents her quest to have a baby as a single mother over forty. Davenport's film taps into the zeitgeist topic of how the modern family is being re-imagined. (TIFF)
The Missouri Traveler=1958-01-21=Brandon DeWilde leads a cast lengthy in character actors playing subdued Byron Turner, a 15-year-old runaway from the Eatondale Orphan Asylum bound for Florida in the pre-World War I time period. He receives a ride into the rural Missouri town of Delphi with rich land-owner Tobias Brown (Lee Marvin). There, after an episode in the town square involving most of the populace, he meets crusty newspaper man Doyle Magee (Gary Merrill).  Both of these men share an interest in the polite and mature youth; one showing kindness, the other almost outright cruelty. Eventually, both of their reasoning become clear to the lad. At the same time, the whole town of Delphi comes to not only accept Byron, but to embrace him as one of the town's own and his dream of becoming a farmer. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Missouri_Traveler
Dooman River=2010-08-28=Chang-ho, 12, becomes friend with a North-Korean immigrant about the same age who just crossed the Dooman river, border between North-Korea and China. His mute sister and his wise grand-father will get along with him in a series of misfortunes.
Aballay, el hombre sin miedo=2010-11-19=Aballay was a bad tempered gaucho. After killing a man, the terrified look of the victim's son raised his consciousness about his savagery. Years go by, that kid's look doesn't leave him. Aballay knows that the kid will look for him.
Me Rosvolat=2015-03-27=The Rosvola family – The Robbersons drive around the country in their pirate car robbing bypassing cars of their sweets, extra food and consumer goods. Life changes for the Rosvolas when they accidentally kidnap 10-year-old Vilja, a diligent school girl. Will Vilja succeed in escaping or will she become friends with the Rosvolas´ children Hele (12 years) and Kalle (9 years)? We are the Pirates of the Roads is a funny and crazy adventurous road movie for children.
Mater and the Ghostlight=2006-07-27=Mater, the rusty but trusty tow truck from Cars, spends a day in Radiator Springs playing scary pranks on his fellow townsfolk. That night at Flo's V8 Café, the Sheriff tells the story of the legend of the Ghostlight, and as everyone races home Mater is left alone primed for a good old-fashioned scare.
Ne le dis à personne=2006-11-01=A man receives a mysterious e-mail appearing to be from his wife, who was murdered years earlier. As he frantically tries to find out whether she's alive, he finds himself being implicated in her death.
데이지=2006-03-09=An elite Interpol agent Jeong-woo and a ruthless hitman Park-yi, both stationed in Amsterdam and are in love with the same young woman, Hye-young. Hye-Young is a simple sidewalk artist, with dreams of one day holding a real exhibition in a real gallery. Her pure love will draw these deadly men into a spectacular showdown in the process, revealing Hye-Young¡¯s hidden past.
Garde à vue=1981-09-21=A police inspector, suspecting an attorney of two child sex murders, has him held for a questioning session that goes on for hours.
A Midsummer Night's Dream=2016-05-30=Classic Shakespeare play adapted for television by Russell T Davies. In the tyrannical court of Athens, pitiless dictator Theseus plans his wedding to Hippolyta, a prisoner of war, and young Hermia is sentenced to death by her own father. Meanwhile, in the town below, amateur theatre group the Mechanicals rehearse, with all their comic rivalries. And beyond Athens, in the wild woods, dark forces are stirring...
Fetishes=1996-09-12=Nick Broomfield and a documentary crew visit Pandora's Box, an up-scale house of bondage on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue, where clients pay $175 an hour to be subservient to mistresses. Mistresses talk about their craft; a few clients, usually masked, are interviewed as well. Then, the camera watches sessions organized around fetishes: rubber, wrestling, corporal punishment, masochism, and infantilism. Mistress Raven, the owner of Pandora's Box, explains that pain need not be part of the subservient experience: it is, at its root, a transfer of power. After their session has ended, clients talk about how drained, relaxed, relieved, and at peace they are.
Happy=2011-04-09="Happy is a 2011 feature documentary film directed, written, and co-produced by Roko Belic. It explores human happiness through interviews with people from all walks of life in 14 different countries, weaving in the newest findings of positive psychology. Director Roko Belic was originally inspired to create the film after producer/director Tom Shadyac (Liar, Liar, Patch Adams, Bruce Almighty) showed him an article in the New York Times entitled ""A New Measure of Well Being From a Happy Little Kingdom"". The article ranks the United States as the 23rd happiest country in the world. Shadyac then suggested that Belic make a documentary about happiness. Belic spent several years interviewing over 20 people, ranging from leading happiness researchers to a rickshaw driver in Kolkatta, a family living in a ""co-housing community"" in Denmark, a woman who was run over by a truck, a Cajun fisherman, and more."
The Mark of Cain=2000-01-01=The Mark of Cain documents the fading art form and “language” of Russian criminal tattoos, formerly a forbidden topic in Russia. The now vanishing practice is seen as reflecting the transition of the broader Russian society. Filmed in some of Russia’s most notorious prisons, including the fabled White Swan, the interviews with prisoners, guards, and criminologists reveal the secret language of “The Zone” and “The Code of Thieves” (Vor v zakone).
How the Myth Was Made: A Study of Robert Flaherty's Man of Aran=1984-11-08="American documentary film-maker George C. Stoney visits the Aran Islands to try and unravel some of the myths surrounding a film that had engrossed him as a youngster - Robert Flaherty's famous documentary ""Man of Aran"" released in 1934."
Almost an Angel=1990-12-21=Terry Dean is an electronics wizard and thief. After he is released from jail, he is hit by a car while saving a little girl's life. While in the hospital, he dreams that God visits him and tells him he's an Angel, and must start doing good things to make up for his past life. Not believing it at first, he soon becomes convinced he must be an Angel. Not having any Angel powers yet, he must use his own experiences and talents to make good things happen.
ആനന്ദം=2016-10-21=Aanandam is a 2016 Indian Malayalam campus musical film written and directed by Ganesh Raj in his directorial debut. Vineeth Sreenivasan produces the film under the banner of Habit Of Life with Vinod Shornur under Cast N Crew.
金陵十三釵=2011-12-15=A Westerner finds refuge with a group of women in a church during Japan's rape of Nanking in 1937. Posing as a priest, he attempts to lead the women to safety.
Mr. Peabody and the Mermaid=1948-08-11=As told to a psychiatrist: Mr. Peabody, middle-aged Bostonian on vacation with his wife in the Caribbean, hears mysterious, wordless singing on an uninhabited rock in the bay. Fishing in the vicinity, he catches...a mermaid. He takes her home and, though she has no spoken language, falls in love with her. Of course, his wife won't believe that thing in the bathtub is anything but a large fish. Predictable complications follow in rather tame fashion.
許されざる者=2013-09-13=Set in Hokkaido, Japan in the 1880s. Jubei Kamata (Ken Watanabe), who is on the side of the Edo shogunate government, kills many people. His name is infamous in Kyoto. When the battle at Goryoukaku is about to be finished, Jubei disappears. 10 years later, Jubei lives with his kid in relative peace. He is barely able to make a living. Protecting his dead wife's grave, Jubei has decided to never pick up a sword again, but due to poverty he has no choice but to pick the sword again. Jubei becomes a bounty hunter.
痞子英雄：全面開戰=2012-01-13=A policeman, who is fearless to death, can do anything for just one truth, while a gangster, who fears death the most, has drew life threats from his risky action all for love. One policeman and one gangster can be great partners that you have never imagined. Somehow, rescue of the world now is entirely relying on the partners. Within 36 hours, they must resolve the crisis that could destroy the Harbor City...
He Walked by Night=1948-11-24=This film-noir piece, told in semi-documentary style, follows police on the hunt for a resourceful criminal who shoots and kills a cop.
Wer's glaubt wird selig=2012-08-16=The snow is staying away from the Bavarian ski village of Haunzenberg, and so are the skiers. Business is failing and so is Georg's relationship with Emilie. During his attempt to reignite the fires of passion, the wooden cross in the next room falls down, crushing Emilie's very Catholic mother Daisy. Wracked with guilt, Georg and his drinking buddies hatch a plan to have Daisy canonized by the Church, hoping to save both the village and his relationship. Everything goes according to plan until the Vatican sends a Priest to examine the miracles of Saint Daisy... Written by Anthony Parkhurst
Kings Row=1942-04-18=Five children in an apparently ideal American small town find their lives changing as the years pass near the turn of the century in 1900. Parris and Drake, both of whom have lost their parents, are best friends; Parris dreams of becoming a doctor, studying under the father of his sweetheart Cassie, while Drake plans on becoming a local businessman when he receives his full inheritance - juggling girlfriends in the meantime. As they become adults, the revelations of local secrets threaten to ruin their hopes and dreams.
Hotel=2001-01-01=While a British film crew are shooting a version of The Duchess of Malfi in Venice, they in turn are being filmed by a sleazy documentary prima donna while the strange staff share meals which consist of human meat. Then there is the hit man, the call girl and the Hollywood producer all managing to become part of the madness.
A Bucket of Blood=1959-10-21=Nerdy Walter Paisley (Dick Miller), a maladroit busboy at a beatnik café who doesn't fit in with the cool scene around him, attempts to woo his beautiful co-worker, Carla (Barboura Morris), by making a bust of her. When his klutziness results in the death of his landlady's cat, he panics and hides its body under a layer of plaster. But when Carla and her friends enthuse over the resulting artwork, Walter decides to create some bigger and more elaborate pieces using the same artistic process.
The Immortalists=2014-03-08=Two eccentric scientists struggle to create eternal youth in a world they call “blind to the tragedy of old age.” As they battle their own aging and suffer the losses of loved ones, their scientific journeys ultimately become personal.
Slam Dance=1987-10-02=An artist, framed for the murder of a woman, is drawn into a web of corruption, blackmail and deceit.
The Walk=2015-09-30=The story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's attempt to cross the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974.
劇場版 カードキャプターさくら 封印されたカード=2000-07-15=All of the Clow Cards have been captured, and Sakura Kinomoto, the new Master of the Cards, is preparing to play the lead in the play for the town festival. However, a new evil force is causing mysterious events all over Tomoeda, including the disappearance of Sakura's cards. With Syaoran's help, Sakura must figure out the cause of these events, and save her town.
Weekend of a Champion=1972-05-31=An entertaining vérité look at world champion driver Sir Jackie Stewart as Roman Polanski follows his attempt to win the Monaco Grand Prix.
Mother's Day=1980-09-19=Three girls discover that two men are willing to do anything to impress Mother and what impresses Mother is watching her sons commit acts of rape and murder. Now these women are prisoners and lowered to pawns in the game of checkers between two dim wits and their Maniac Mommy and the question becomes, can any of them escape, alive?
Vrchní, prchni!=1981-01-01=It is the story of a man who had financial troubles. He was married several times and had to pay for several kids. He wanted to earn some extra money by playing in a cafe. But one drunken guest supposes he is a waiter and pays his bill to him. So the main hero finds his chance - he goes through restaurants, pretending that he is a waiter and asks people to hand their cash to him...
Acariño galaico (De barro)=1995-01-01="This film was reconstructed and completed in 1995 by Javier Codesal for the Filmoteca de Andalucia, from the montage and the sound that Val del Omar had outlined before his death, after having returned to a project abandoned twenty years before with the incorporation of significant additions (above all in the soundtrack).  Val del Omar's notes show that, as he typically did, he had other alternative titles in mind, such as ""Acariño de la Terra Meiga"" (Caress of the Magic Land), ""Acariño a nosa terra"" (Caress of Our Land), or ""Barro de ánimas"" (Clay of Souls), and that in the final phase of the unfinished project he wanted to add a second sound channel – following the diaphonic principle, and using electro-acoustic techniques – consisting of ambient material that he intended to record at the first screenings of the film in the very places and to the very people that were its origin: its ""clay""."
Ong Bak=2003-01-21=When the head of a statue sacred to a village is stolen, a young martial artist goes to the big city and finds himself taking on the underworld to retrieve it.
Perry Mason: The Case of the Musical Murder=1989-04-09=A young theatre director is accused of killing a more famous Broadway director. Perry takes his case.
The Conclave=2006-10-07=In 1458, five years after the fall of Constantinople to the Moslems, eighteen cardinals meet to elect a new pope. Rodrigo Borgia, a 27 year old cardinal learns to play a very dangerous game.
The Man from Earth=2007-06-10=An impromptu goodbye party for Professor John Oldman becomes a mysterious interrogation after the retiring scholar reveals to his colleagues he never ages and has walked the earth for 14,000 years.
Razredni sovražnik=2013-08-01=Relations between the students and the new teacher of German are extremely tense. When one female student commits suicide, her schoolmates blame the teacher for her death. An awareness that things are not quite so black and white comes too late.
Schalcken the Painter=1979-12-22=Can Schalcken save his love, Rose, from the clutches of a ghastly suitor before it is too late?
Joe Hill=1971-08-25=In the early 1900's, the legendary Joe Hill emigrates with his brother to the United States. But after a short time, he loses touch with his brother. Joe gets a few jobs but is struck by all the injustice and tragedy going on. He becomes active in the forbidden union IWW, a union for workers without trades. It is forbidden to demonstrate and to speak in public but Joe gets around that by singing his manifests with the Salvation Army. He manages to get more and more people to get on strike with him but he also makes powerful enemies doing that. Finally he gets connected with a murder and during the trial he fires his lawyer and takes upon himself to become his own defender.
The Badlanders=1958-09-03=Two men are released from the Arizona Territorial Prison at Yuma in 1898. One, the Dutchman, is out to get both gold and revenge from the people of a small mining town who had him imprisoned unjustly. The other, McBain, is just trying to go straight, but that is easier said than done once the Dutchman involves him in his gold theft scheme.
The Distinguished Gentleman=1992-12-04=A Florida con man uses the passing of the long time Congressman from his district who he just happens to share a name with, to get elected to his version of paradise, Congress, where the money flows from lobbyists. But soon he learns the nature of the game and decides to fight back the only way he knows how, with a con.
Soultaker=1990-01-01="Four teenagers are killed in a car accident. Two of the teenagers refuse to go with ""The Grim Reaper"" and a race between life and death ensues!"
Rails & Ties=2007-09-01=A deadly collision between a train and car lead to an unlikely bond between the train engineer and a young boy who escapes the carnage.
All in=2006-03-14=Six medical students with unique talents pool their resources to win the World Series of Poker.
Futuresport=1998-01-09=In the not too distant future, a new deadly sport is the only way to stop a war that will kill millions. Fix (Snipes) is the creator of the sport, but the spotlight has always been on Ramzey (Cain), this hothead must use this game to stop the Revolution.
24=2016-05-05=A scientist invents a time machine but his evil twin brother is after it and will go to any lengths to get the device in his hands.
Pretty Baby=1978-04-05=Hattie (Susan Sarandon), a New Orleans hooker, meets a photographer named Bellocq (Keith Carradine) at her brothel one night and, after he photographs her, he befriends her 12-year-old daughter, Violet (Brooke Shields). When Violet is brought on as a working girl by her mother's madam and Hattie skips town to get married, Violet quickly loses her innocence and focuses on reuniting with Bellocq. But a life with Bellocq is compromised for Violet after her mother returns to town.
En Forelskelse=2008-04-29=Carsten is dating Melissa, who introduces him to her parents. On a camping trip with Melissa's family, Carsten finds that he shares a secret with Melissa's father.
Nocturna Artificialia=1979-01-01=Enigmatic, stop-motion, animated story of a man's day.
Il bosco fuori=2007-08-24=A woman escapes a group of bullies seeking to rape her and takes refuge with a seemingly kind couple who have a dark secret hidden in their quiet, secluded house.
Official Rejection=2009-04-04=A documentary following the exploits of a group of filmmakers as they take their independent feature, Ten 'til Noon, along the film festival circuit, and the politics, pitfalls, triumphs and comic tragedies they encounter along the way. Full of interviews with important players in the indie world, this is a must see for young filmmakers on the what happens when the shooting stops.
A Night for Dying Tigers=2010-09-10=The night before Jack (Gil Bellows) is slated to begin a five-year prison sentence for murder, his wife, Melanie (Jennifer Beals), and assorted siblings gather for a dinner to bid Jack farewell and good luck on his trip up the river. But the party slides into a bitter fight over the bad behavior of Jack's brothers (John Pyper-Ferguson and Tygh Runyan) and sister Karen (Lauren Lee Smith). Terry Miles directs this dark comic drama.
Pas de repos pour les braves=2003-11-12=A strange man is involved in a village massacre and drug dealing.
Bare Bea=2004-01-23=16 year-old Bea is in her first year at upper secondary school in Oslo. Active on the school magazine, she falls in love with Daniel, the smartest and most gifted student in the top year, who returns her feelings. There is just one drawback, namely her friend' idea of virginity and first love...
Дон Кихот=1957-05-23=Senor Quexana has read so many books on chivalry that he believes that he is the knight Don Quixote de la Mancha. So Don Quixote sets off on his horse, accompanied by his squire Sancho Panza on a mule, to perform valiant deeds. They mistakenly save the Lady Altisidora who is so amused that she invites them to visit the Duke to provide some merriment at court. Among other deeds, Don Quixote frees some prisoners, who then turn upon him, and Don Quixote attacks a windmill that he imagines is a monstrous wizard.
Cruising=1980-09-23=A serial killer brutally slays and dismembers several gay men in New York's S/M and leather districts. The young police officer Steve Burns is sent undercover onto the streets as decoy for the murderer. Working almost completely isolated from his department, he has to learn and practice the complex rules and signals of this little society.
The Recruit=2003-01-31=A brilliant CIA trainee must prove his worth at the Farm, the agency's secret training grounds, where he learns to watch his back and trust no one.
Wait Until Dark=1967-10-26=After a flight back home, Sam Hendrix returns with a doll he innocently acquired along the way. As it turns out, the doll is actually stuffed with heroin, and a group of criminals led by the ruthless Roat has followed Hendrix back to his place to retrieve it. When Hendrix leaves for business, the crooks make their move -- and find his blind wife, Susy, alone in the apartment. Soon, a life-threatening game begins between Susy and the thugs.
Bulldog Drummond's Bride=1939-07-12=Capt. (ret.) Hugh “Bulldog” Drummond is on the precipice of matrimony to his beloved Phyllis--but a bank robbery and a daring escape is going to get in their way before they reach the altar in this brisk-paced finale to the Paramount Drummond series.
Jönssonligan spelar högt=2000-12-25=Hör och häpna! De gamla kumpanerna Ragnar Vanheden och Dynamit Harry har bestämt sig för att bli...hederliga. Därför har de startat AB Alltjänst. Doris arbetar naturligtvis som firmans sekreterare. En dag blir Ragnar och Harry kontaktade av en äldre dam som erbjuder dem ett aningen originellt uppdrag: att bevaka Kungliga Operan i Stockholm.Den gamla damen har emellertid ett kriminellt förflutet. Och inte nog med det - hon är ocksp Sickans mormor! Och som inte detta skulle räcka, bor även Sickans lillebror, Sven-Ingvar, kvar hemma hos mormor! Det visar sig att den gamle ärkeskurken Wall-Enberg tänker lägga beslag på Operans hela Eu bidrag i maskopi med den avgående Operachefen och en italiensk kumpan med djupa förgreningar i den sicilianska maffian. Nu gäller det för Jönssonligan - förlåt - AB Alltjänst att hinna före. Och det blir bråttom...oerhört bråttom!
Zus & zo=2001-01-01=Zus &amp; Zo shows what three sisters are willing to do to stop their would-be sister-in-law from coming into possession of Paraíso, their beloved family summer home on the Portuguese coast.
Not Without My Daughter=1991-01-11=An American woman, trapped in Islamic Iran by her brutish husband, must find a way to escape with her daughter as well.
Pasolini=2014-09-25=We are with Pasolini during the last hours of his life, as he talks with his beloved family and friends, writes, gives a brutally honest interview, shares a meal with Ninetto Davoli, and cruises for the roughest rough trade in his gun-metal gray Alfa Romeo. Over the course of the action, Pasolini’s life and his art (represented by scenes from his films, his novel-in-progress Petrolio, and his projected film Porno-Teo-Kolossal) are constantly refracted and intermingled to the point where they become one.
Les Profs=2013-04-17=With only 12 percent of its pupils obtaining their baccalaureate, Jules Ferry High School is the worst school in France. The Inspector of Schools has already exhausted all the conventional means to raise standards at the school and he has no choice but to take the advice of his deputy. It is a case of having to fight fire with fire: the worst pupils must be taught by the worst teachers...
小时代=2013-06-27=When four best friends try and move forward in their work and personal life, they realize that trying to live their life's dream is more difficult than they imagine -- especially in the high fashion world of Shanghai.
Like Crazy=2011-10-28=A British college student falls for an American student, only to be separated from him when she's banned from the U.S. after overstaying her visa.
Mimic=1997-08-22=A disease carried by common cockroaches is killing Manhattan children. In an effort to stop the epidemic an entomologist, Susan Tyler, creates a mutant breed of insect that secretes a fluid to kill the roaches. This mutant breed was engineered to die after one generation, but three years later Susan finds out that the species has survived and evolved into a large, gruesome monster that can mimic human form.
海難1890=2015-12-05=125 Years Memory (海難1890 Kainan ) is a 2015 drama film directed by Mitsutoshi Tanaka (ja) and written by Eriko Komatsu (ja).A Japanese-Turkish co-production, the film was released in Japan by Toei on December 5, 2015 and in Turkey by Mars on December 25, 2015. It received ten nominations at the 39th Japan Academy Prize, winning the awards for Best Art Direction and Best Sound Recording.
Soldaat van Oranje=1977-09-22=This film depicts World War II through the eyes of several Dutch students. It follows them through the beginning of the war, the Nazi occupation and the liberation.
Whisky=2004-08-06=When his long-lost brother resurfaces, Jacobo, desperate to prove his life has added up to something, looks to scrounge up a wife. He turns to Marta, an employee at his sock factory, with whom he has a prickly relationship. the owner of a sock factory in Montevideo, and Marta, his employee, realize that their estranged relationship needs to change when Jacobo's long-lost brother prompting them to pose as a married couple.
The Greggs=2014-06-26=The origin of the SATs in which Gregg, Gregg, Gregg and Gregg lose The Gregg.
Company=2002-04-15=Mallik is a henchman of Aslam Bhai, a Mumbai underworld kingpin. He inducts local hothead Chandu into the gang, and the two of them soon form a formidable faction within the gang, eventually displacing Aslam. As the empire grows, however, the two of them start drifting apart.
Revolt=2017-07-01=The story of humankind's last stand against a cataclysmic alien invasion. Set in the war-ravaged African countryside, a U.S. soldier and a French foreign aid worker team up to survive the alien onslaught. Their bond will be tested as they search for refuge across a crumbling world.
Al di là della legge=1968-04-10=A thief takes the job as a town sheriff in order to rob a silver shipment before his ex-partner can grab it.
A Little Princess=1995-05-10=When her father enlists to fight for the British in WWI, young Sara Crewe goes to New York to attend the same boarding school her late mother attended. She soon clashes with the severe headmistress, Miss Minchin, who attempts to stifle Sara's creativity and sense of self- worth.
Chosin=2010-09-10=After 60 years of silence, the survivors of the Chosin Reservoir Campaign of the Korean War take us on an emotional and heart-pounding journey through one of the most savage battles in American history.
Pani z przedszkola=2014-12-25=The story about the friendship between two women, family problems and difficult childhood.
Victoria=2015-06-11=A young Spanish woman who has newly moved to Berlin finds her flirtation with a local guy turn potentially deadly as their night out with his friends reveals a dangerous secret.
Piraty XX veka=1980-07-14=A Soviet cargo ship carrying medical opium gets attacked by pirates of an unknown nationality. The crew is left to die on a sinking ship but they manage to escape and now must fight the pirates for survival.
Captain Webb=2015-08-14=Captain Webb aka The Greatest Englishman tells the story of Captain Matthew Webb, the first-ever person to successfully swim the English Channel in 1875 equipped only with his moustache, doses of Brandy and a wire wool swimsuit.
The Bitter Tea of General Yen=1933-01-06=A U.S. missionary (Barbara Stanwyck) is gradually seduced by a courtly warlord (Nils Asther) holding her in Shanghai.
The Mechanic=1972-10-06=Arthur Bishop is a veteran hit man who, owing to his penchant for making his targets' deaths seem like accidents, thinks himself an artist. It's made him very rich, but as he hits middle age, he's so depressed and lonely that he takes on one of his victim's sons, Steve McKenna, as his apprentice. Arthur puts him through a rigorous training period and brings him on several hits. As Steven improves, Arthur worries that he'll discover who killed his father.
The Lazarus Project=2008-10-21=After Ben Garvey foolishly turned back to crime, he thought his life was over when he was sentenced to death by lethal injection. But his death sentence isn't quite what it seems, as Ben regains consciousness near an eerie psychiatric ward, where he's told he's been hired as the groundskeeper. With the state of his soul in question, and the love for his wife and daughter all the more real and powerful, Ben must figure out if he's truly cheated death, or if he's become part of something far more sinister.
Good Time=2017-08-11=A bank robber tries to avoid the law closing in on him.
Der Commander=1988-04-28=Lewis Collins is back to leading mercenaries on the move in Southeast Asia. This time the cast is unusually good including Lee Van Cleef, Brett Halsey (Cop Game), Romano Puppo (Robowar), Mike Monty (Raiders of Atlantis), Bobby Rhodes (The Great Alligator), etc. Anyway, Van Cleef has Collins go on some random mission to locate a disc with all sorts of valuable crazy intelligence data on it. It just happens that Donald Pleasence, a random government official, hires another mercenary-for-hire Manfred Lehman to tag along and make sure the data ends up in the right hands. Van Cleef isn't taking any chances, and since he is crooked and murders Collins's other bosses quickly, he places Romano Puppo in the group as well to make sure the operation runs smoothly. Collins may not be too expressive but at least he seems to figure out quickly who's out to get him, so the mission continues with lots of double-crosses, twists and turns, and of course lots of explosions!
High Time=1960-09-16=Despite the dissapproval of his grown son and daughter, 51 year old widdower and wealthy restauranteur Harvey Howard (Bing Crosby) decides it's 'high time' to he gets his college degree.  And he's in for the full ride: living in the dorms, joing a fraternity, falling in love, and even getting some studying in.
Ich und Er=1988-09-14=A man's enthusiastic penis starts talking to him, getting him into awkward situations and convincing everyone he tells that he's completely insane.
Curdled=1996-09-06="Gabriella, a Columbian immigrant, is obsessed with understanding violent crime. The current string of murders by ""The Blue Blood Killer"" of affluent Miami socialites provides her with fodder for her scrapbook of death. She lands a job with a post-murder cleaning service and during a Blue-Blood clean-up job, discovers evidence that police have overlooked."
Everything Put Together=2001-11-02=Everything Put Together is a 2000 film directed by Marc Forster starring Radha Mitchell and Megan Mullally.
Pharaoh's Curse=1957-02-01=Archaeologists in Egypt find one of their crew has been turned into a blood sucking mummy after they have unleashed a three thousand year curse.
London, Paris, New York=2012-03-02=London Paris New York is a film that captures the angst of the twenties, the most dramatic period of one's life - when you have to find a career, you have your first significant relationship and most importantly form your identity in this world. This is story about Lalitha, a middle class south Indian girl from Chembur (an eastern suburb in Mumbai) who is on her way to New York to study politics with full scholarship, and Nikhil, a Punjabi, rich kid from Bandra (a posh western suburb of Mumbai) who is going to study Film Making in London on 100% dad's money. They decide to hangout together one evening in London and find that they are completely drawn to each other even as their future lies on separate continents.  The film follows their personal journey and their love story as they meet in London, Paris and New York for a night each over eight years. The film is in three chapters and each chapter is shot in a manner that mirrors the mental state of Nikhil and Lalitha.
Lucy=2014-07-14=A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic.
The Man from Laramie=1955-08-31=Will Lockhart (James Stewart) becomes entangled in the happenings of Coronado, an isolated western town, after delivering supplies there. He is especially involved with the Waggomans, an influential ranching family, and begins his search for someone selling rifles to the local Apaches, only to find out it is the son of the most powerful man in the area. It is at this point that his troubles begin.
噂の女=1954-06-20=Yukiko's fiance learns her mother runs a geisha house and ends their engagement. She despises what her mother does until one of her clients shows interest and starts to woo her.
Foreign Intrigue=1956-07-12=Millionaire Victor Danemore, living on the French Riviera, dies suddenly of a heart attack. His secretary, Dave Bishop, wants to know more about his employer's life. Surprisingly, not even his young wife knows anything about her husband's background or how he earned his fortune. Clues lead Bishop to Vienna and Stockholm, where he learns that Danemore was black-mailing people who cooperated with the Nazis during WW2.
Wedding Crashers=2005-07-14=John and his buddy, Jeremy are emotional criminals who know how to use a woman's hopes and dreams for their own carnal gain. Their modus operandi: crashing weddings. Normally, they meet guests who want to toast the romantic day with a random hook-up. But when John meets Claire, he discovers what true love – and heartache – feels like.
Un giorno devi andare=2013-01-21=Painful family events lead Augusta to leave Italy. On a small boat, immersed in the Amazon Forest grandness, she begins a travel between Indios villages. From the favela to the isolation in the Forest, Augusta will go in search of herself.
Lo chiamavano Bulldozer=1978-09-15="The ""Bulldozer"", a former football star, is now working as a fisherman. As a group of street-people arranges a football match against the local Armybase, he is asked to be their trainer. His boat was damaged by a submarine and he currently has no work, so he agrees."
Séptimo=2013-09-05="Like every day, Marcelo gathers her children on the floor of his ex-wife. As each day play ""to see who gets there first"" them down the stairs, him in the elevator, a diversion that your ex-partner does not like. But when one day Marcelo plays the downstairs children are not. They are not anywhere. The fear begins to emerge when a phone call will catapult the horror: a kidnapper puts a price for the release of their children"
L'etrusco uccide ancora=1972-05-25=A photographer on an archaeological expedition digging up Etruscan ruins in Italy begins to suspect that not all the Etruscans buried there are actually dead.
Bel Ami=2012-03-09=Georges Duroy travels through 1890s Paris, from cockroach ridden garrets to opulent salons, using his wits and powers of seduction to rise from poverty to wealth, from a prostitute’s embrace to passionate trysts with wealthy beauties, in a world where politics and media jostle for influence, where sex is power and celebrity an obsession.
Kid Cannabis=2014-04-18=An eighteen year old high school drop out and his twenty-seven year old friend start trafficking marijuana across the border of Canada in order to make money and their lives are changed forever.
Agathe Cléry=2008-11-11=Agathe Clery, a marketing manager for a cosmetics company, is snobbish, stubborn and racist. When she is diagnosed with Addison Syndrome, an disorder that darkens the pigmentation of one's skin, she suddenly finds herself resembling a black woman.
Üç maymun=2008-05-16=A family battles against the odds to stay together when small lies grow into an extravagant cover-up. In order to avoid hardship and responsibilities that would otherwise be impossible to endure, the family chooses to ignore the truth, not to see, hear or talk about it. But does playing “Three Monkeys” invalidate the truth of its existence?
The Portrait of a Lady=1996-10-18=Ms. Isabel Archer isn't afraid to challenge societal norms. Impressed by her free spirit, her kindhearted cousin writes her into his fatally ill father's will. Suddenly rich and independent, Isabelle ventures into the world, along the way befriending a cynical intellectual and romancing an art enthusiast. However, the advantage of her affluence is called into question when she realizes the extent to which her money colors her relationships.
Non si sevizia un paperino=1972-09-29=A reporter and a promiscuous young woman try to solve a series of child killings in a remote southern Italian town that's rife with superstition and distrust of outsiders.
