Musuko=1991-10-12=Tetsuo is a young man living in Tokyo, who falls in love with a deaf-mute factory girl. He has always felt jealous of his college- educated brother, but ultimately wins both the girl and his father's acceptance and support in a touching and refreshing way.
อก 3 ศอก 2 กำปั้น=2007-01-01=A group of young Muay Thai experts led by David are forced to use their deadly training to protect themselves when the local extortionist threatens to kill their mentors daughter if he doesn't give up his bar
Reflections=2008-06-24=Europol Agent Tom Brindle is called to Barcelona, Spain, to track down the notorious serial killer known as Pygmalion. A set of fingerprints lead to a young, volatile soldier, Marco Soler. Agent Brindle arrests Marco and intensely interrogates him, convinced that he has his man. Marco has an airtight alibi though and further investigation of the suspect leads Agent Brindle to a shocking discovery.
La mujer de Benjamín=1991-01-02=Old bachelor Benjamin (Lopez Rojas) still lives with his sister Micaela (Doria) in the boredom of a small town. His only entertainment is getting together with a bunch of old men and spare time playing like children. Benjamin falls inlove with beautiful and young Natividad (Ramirez). First, he writes love letters for her. Then, when this strategy fails, Benjamin and the old men plan to abduct her and wait for her falling inlove. Written by Maximiliano Maza
甜蜜殺機=2014-01-17=Chi-yi is a veteran cop, who values his own safety more than anything else and is therefore infamous for his cowardice and poor efficiency at work. Yi-ping, on the other hand, is just graduated from the police academy and is more than ready to prove herself regardless of any risks. Daughter of the head of the National Policy Agency, Yi-ping is secretly kept away from danger by being appointed to team up with Chi-yi. Starting from a seemingly pointless case of a puppy’s accidental death, from eating chocolate, the essentially incompatible pair unexpectedly digs up the clues to a series of mysterious deaths.  A police rom-com with fully-fledged fantasy is sure to blow your mind!
Pieniądze to nie wszystko=2001-01-05=Bohaterem filmu jest 50-letni biznesmen Tomasz Adamczyk, który chce zrezygnować z prowadzenia interesów w branży winiarskiej i poświęcić się swojej pasji życiowej filozofii. Pomysł ten nie przypada do gustu jego wspólnikowi. Do tego wszystkiego Tomasz ulega wypadkowi i zostaje wzięty jako zakładnik przez miłośników produkowanego przez siebie wina.
The Hexecutioners=2015-10-21=Two disparate young women working for a company that conducts euthanasia are dispatched to a remote estate to perform a custom assisted-suicide ritual, but unwittingly summon the wraiths of a Death Cult that once inhabited the property.
조작된 도시=2017-02-09=In real life, Kwon Yoo is unemployed, but in the virtual game world he is the best leader. Kwon Yoo is then framed for a murder. With the help of hacker Yeo-Wool, he tries to uncover the truth behind the murder case.
Il Messia=1975-10-24=Directed by Roberto Rossellini (his final film). Rossellini takes numerous liberties with the original source material, rearranging and omitting events at will, presenting everything in a low-key, highly undramatic fashion. The film begins in Old Testament times, allowing Rossellini to present the story of Jesus in its ancient, historic context. This clip shows the Last Supper, depicted Rossellini-style.
অপরাজিত=1956-10-11=The Unvanquished is the second part of the Bangladesh Apu film series about a boy named Apu who gets a scholarship to study at a College in Calcutta. His mother is alone and torn between wanting him to be successful and not wanting him to leave her alone.
Blood for Dracula=1974-08-13=Deathly ill Count Dracula and his slimy underling, Anton, travel to Italy in search of a virgin's blood. They're welcomed at the crumbling estate of indebted Marchese Di Fiore, who's desperate to marry off his daughters to rich suitors. But there, instead of pure women, the count encounters incestuous lesbians with vile blood and Marxist manservant Mario, who's suspicious of the aristocratic Dracula.
This Ain’t California=2012-08-15=This Ain't California is a celebration of the lust for life, a contemporary documentary trip into the world of roller boarding in the German Democratic Republic. A coming-of-age tale of three teenagers and their passionate love for a sport on the crumbling tarmac of the streets in the German Democratic Republic, which was considered very ill-fitting. The punk fairy tale is a story of the subversive powers of fun in that part of Germany, which had lost touch with its citizens. The film follows its three heroes from their childhood in the seventies through their teenage rebellion in the eighties, ending in the last summer of their life in the German Democratic Republic in 1989, when their life changed forever, and follows them to 2011.
Pufnstuf=1970-05-03=Jimmy (Jack Wild) ventures to Living Island with his magical, talking flute, Freddy. Once there, he befriends many of the island's inhabitants, but the evil Witchiepoo (Billie Hayes) is determined to steal Freddy the flute away from the boy to impress the visiting witches council and win the Witch of the Year Award.
باد ما را خواهد برد=1999-09-06=Irreverent city engineer Behzad comes to a rural village in Iran to keep vigil for a dying relative. In the meanwhile the film follows his efforts to fit in with the local community and how he changes his own attitudes as a result.
Yanks=1979-09-01=During WWII, the United States set up army bases in Great Britain as part of the war effort. Against their proper sensibilities, many of the Brits don't much like the brash Yanks, especially when it comes to the G.I.s making advances on the lonely British girls. One relationship that develops is between married John, an Army Captain, and the aristocratic Helen, whose naval husband is away at war. Helen loves her husband, but Helen and John are looking for some comfort during the difficult times.
The Perfect Match=2016-03-11=Terrence J. stars as Charlie, a playboy who's convinced that relationships are dead. His two best friends, Donald Faison and Robert C. Riley, bet him that if he sticks to one woman for one month, he's bound to get attached. Charlie denies this until he crosses paths with the beautiful and mysterious Eva, played by singer/actress Cassie. They may agree to a casual affair, but eventually Charlie is questioning whether he may actually want more.
Southside with You=2016-08-26=Chronicles a single day in the summer of 1989 when the future president of the United States, Barack Obama, wooed his future First Lady on an epic first date across Chicago's South Side.
Little Fauss and Big Halsy=1970-10-21=A comedy/drama about an unlikely pair who share a passion for motocross. Robert Redford is the womanising but shallow star while in the end the unlikely Little Faus (Micheal J.Pollard) shows that depth can count.
A Song to Remember=1945-01-19=Biography of Frederic Chopin. Vidor romanticizes Chopin's patriotism in the film, which was produced during World War II. Chopin, played by Cornel Wilde, is first presented to the audience as a child prodigy playing a piece by Mozart, but suddenly starts
Hell Comes to Frogtown=1988-01-01='Hell' is the name of the hero of the story. He's a prisoner of the women who now run the USA after a nuclear/biological war. Results of the war are that mutants have evolved, and the human race is in danger of extinction due to infertility. Hell is given the task of helping in the rescue of a group of fertile women from the harem of the mutant leader (resembling a frog). Hell cannot escape since he has a bomb attached to his private parts which will detonate if he strays more than a few hundred yards from his guard.
Inori=2012-08-04=Director Pedro came to Japan in April 2011, started shooting in the village Totsukawa of Nara Prefecture. He, as Himotoku, began to spin the story with his camera instead of a brush…
Death Race=2008-08-22=Terminal Island, New York: 2020. Overcrowding in the US penal system has reached a breaking point. Prisons have been turned over to a monolithic Weyland Corporation, which sees jails full of thugs as an opportunity for televised sport. Adrenalized inmates, a global audience hungry for violence and a spectacular, enclosed arena come together to form the 'Death Race', the biggest, most brutal event.
Ti ricordi di me?=2014-04-03=The Rascal and The Scatterbrain - is their love enough to secure their happy ending?
Getting Gertie's Garter=1945-11-27=Dennis O'Keefe, newly married to lovely Sheila Ryan, is in a jam. O'Keefe's former girl friend, exotic dancer Marie McDonald, has in her possession an expensive, jeweled garter given to her by O'Keefe in his bachelor days. McDonald intends to show the garter to O'Keefe's suspicious wife, so Our Hero must retrieve the embarrassing accouterment without tipping off the missus.
Countess Dracula=1971-01-31=Based on the story of Elisabeth Bathory, the 18th century Countess who indulged herself in an orgy of murder and vampirism before before being walled up in her room by the authorities. The ageing Countess Dracula discovers that the blood of young virgins has a restorative effect on her celebrated beauty. Years later, she becomes engaged to a handsome young Hussar and is forced to repeat vile atrocities with ever-increasing regularity to hold off old age.
Murder Rap: Inside the Biggie and Tupac Murders=2015-08-08="Two of the most notorious unsolved cases in the history of American crime – the murders of renowned rap stars Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls – have been the subject of exhaustive investigations, relentless speculation, and a web of conspiracy theories and dark secrets. Now, for the first time, the true story behind these sensational cases is laid bare in ""Murder Rap: Inside the Biggie and Tupac Murders"". Using information sourced from hundreds of police case files, taped confessions never shown before, and interviews with the lead detective and witnesses, this is the riveting account of the task force that finally exposed the shocking truth behind the deaths of these two rap music icons."
Ordinary Miracles=2005-01-01=A tough judge takes in a foster child with nowhere to go. Attempts to reunite child with long lost father end badly with the rebellious child running away.
Fang Shih Yu yu Hu Hui Chien=1976-06-18=The famous story of the Shaolin Temple's betrayal by the White-Browed Hermit, and the subsequent revenge by Shaolin firebrand Fang Shih-yu, is the stuff of legend. It has been filmed many times by many directors, but few are remembered as fondly as this production. The potent combination of director Chang Cheh and international idol Alexander Fu Sheng caught lightning in a lens.
None But the Brave=1965-02-24=American and Japanese soldiers, stranded on a tiny Pacific island during World War II, must make a temporary truce and cooperate to survive various tribulations. Told through the eyes of the American and Japanese unit commanders, who must deal with an atmosphere of growing distrust and tension between their men.
Mourning Son=2015-12-01=Dave Navarro is a trauma survivor of the highest order. When Dave was only 15 years old his mother was brutally murdered by her estranged ex-boyfriend. For 8 long years her killer avoided capture while Dave dealt with his deepest, darkest fears through drugs, art and escapism. In a heartbreaking, inspirational journey, Dave confronts the events that changed his life forever. Through revelations from friends and family, to the cold hard facts from police and FBI agents, Dave attempts to come to terms with his mother's senseless murder and the horrific realities of domestic violence.
Prey for Rock & Roll=2003-01-20=Prey for Rock &amp; Roll is set in the Los Angeles club scene of the late 1980s and follows the story of Jacki (Gershon) and her all-girl punk rock band, Clam Dandy. On the verge of turning 40, Jacki decides that if the band's one last shot at the big time is unsuccessful, she will give up her dreams of stardom. Along the way, the women are rocked by personal tragedies that threaten to break up the band before they can get their last shot at success.
Too Young to Die?=1990-02-26=An abused 15 year old is charged with a murder that carries the death penalty in this fact-based story.
Елена=2011-05-21=Vladimir is reaching the end of his life and decides to leave his wealth to his only daughter, cutting out his wife and her son from his will.
風兒踢踏踩=1981-01-01=A romantic drama about a blind man and a somewhat self-indulgent television producer.
Der Skipper=1990-04-05=Two British beauties go to Barbados with a yacht captain who does not know what he's in for.
The Woman Chaser=1999-10-08=A 1950s used-car salesman (Patrick Warburton) wants to make a low-budget film about a trucker who accidentally runs down a child.
Mad Max: Fury Road=2015-05-13=An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max, a man of action and a man of few words, who seeks peace of mind following the loss of his wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa, a woman of action and a woman who believes her path to survival may be achieved if she can make it across the desert back to her childhood homeland.
Dark Tide=2012-03-28="A traumatized shark expert (Halle Berry) must battle her own fears to lead a thrill-seeking businessman on a dive into a dangerous section of water known as ""Shark Alley."""
Risen=2016-02-19=Follows the epic Biblical story of the Resurrection, as told through the eyes of a non-believer. Clavius, a powerful Roman Military Tribune, and his aide Lucius, are tasked with solving the mystery of what happened to Jesus in the weeks following the crucifixion, in order to disprove the rumors of a risen Messiah and prevent an uprising in Jerusalem.
Last of the Red Hot Lovers=1972-01-01=A middle aged restaurateur begins to feel the desire to roam and realizes that one day each week, his mother's apartment will be empty all afternoon. He makes several attempts at seduction, only to learn that it is much more complicated and difficult than he could have imagined.
L'important c'est d'aimer=1975-02-12=Servais Mont, a photographer, meets Nadine Chevalier who earns her money starring in cheap soft-core movies. Trying to help her, he borrows the money from the loan sharks to finance the theatrical production of 'Richard III' and gives Nadine a part.
Manglehorn=2015-06-03=AJ Manglehorn is an aging, ordinary guy in a small town. He nurses his sick cat, squeezes out a conversation with the local bank teller every Friday, and eats at the same place every day.  But there is more to Manglehorn than meets the eye: he’s an ex-con who, 40 years ago, gave up the woman of his dreams for a big ‘job’. He now obsesses daily over the choices he made. After a dramatic effort to start over, Manglehorn faces a terrifying moment and is unmasked as a guy with a very, very dark past.
Deux jours à tuer=2008-04-30=Antoine Méliot is around 40 years old and has everything he needs to be happy: a beautiful wife, two adorable children, friends he can count on, a pretty house in the Yvelines and money. But one day he decides to ruin everything in one weekend.
On the Line=2001-10-26='N Sync heartthrobs Lance Bass and Joey Fatone stretch their thespian muscles in their acting debut. A young man (Bass) is smitten with a girl (Emmanuelle Chriqui) he meets on a subway train and spends the rest of the movie trying to reunite with her. The man's best friend (Fatone) helps him in his quest by wallpapering Chicago with posters and signs that soon become the talk of the town.
Бабуся=2004-02-03="An old Russian grandmother or ""babushka"", who took part in the Battle of Stalingrad, sacrificed everything for her children and even sold her house to get money for her grandchildren, is shuttled among those very grandchildren--products of the ""new"" Russia--none of whom want her to stay with them since she's too much of a ""burden"" for them."
پرده=2013-02-12=A man, his dog, a young woman and a filmmaker in a house by the Caspian Sea. All three are wanted, but they are also in search of each other. Thus begins an absurd game in which reality and fiction merge.
Ossos=1997-01-01=After a suicidal teenage girl gives birth, she misguidedly entrusts her baby’s safety to the troubled, deadbeat father, whose violent actions take the viewer on a tour of the foreboding, crumbling shantytown in which they live.
Uncle Kent 2=2016-08-26=In a desperate search to create a follow-up to Joe Swanberg's 2011 film Uncle Kent, Kent Osborne travels to a comic book convention in San Diego where he loses his mind and confronts the end of the world.
Bayaning 3rd World=2000-02-16="Two filmmakers try to create a film venturing on the life of Jose Rizal. Before they do that, they try to investigate on the heroism of the Philippine national hero. Of particular focus is his supposed retraction of his views against the Roman Catholic Church during the Spanish regime in the Philippines which he expressed primarily through his two novels Noli Me Tangere and El Filibusterismo. The investigation was done mainly by ""interviewing"" key individuals in the life of Rizal such as his mother Teodora Alonso, his siblings Paciano, Trinidad, and Narcisa, his love interest and supposed wife Josephine Bracken, and the Jesuit priest who supposedly witnessed Rizal's retraction, Fr. Balaguer. Eventually, the two filmmakers would end up ""interviewing"" Rizal himself to get to the bottom of the issue."
One Way Passage=1932-10-22=A terminally ill woman and a debonair murderer facing execution meet and fall in love on a trans-Pacific crossing, each without knowing the other's secret.
Gadjo Dilo=1997-08-10=A man is looking for a singer he had heard on cassette. He finds much more.
Wildflowers=2000-03-04=A mysterious girl becomes involved with a 17-year-old girl and changes her life forever.
Hollow Reed=1996-06-24=Following the break-up of his marriage after revealing his homosexuality, GP Martin Wyatt loses custody of his son Oliver to his now ex-wife Hannah and her new partner Frank. It is not long, however, until Oliver appears at the house of Martin and his new lover Tom claiming to have been beaten up by boys in the park. After another incident, Martin puts two and two together and comes to the conclusion that Frank has been beating Oliver without Hannah's knowledge. Martin then begins a long courtroom custody battle to win back his son.
Lure: Teen Fight Club=2010-11-16=A community is under siege as three Belmont Highschool coed students go missing with no trace of their whereabouts. The pressure is on the police to capture the culprits responsible. Scouring the school hallways in search of clues, undercover female detective Maggie Rawdon (Jessica Sonnerborn) enters Belmont High as a transfer student in an attempt to solve the hideous disappearance of the students. Maggie makes a few new friends, and gets invited to a private rave in the country. Just as the group begins to suspect that they've taken a wrong turn, however, the trap is sprung and Maggie finds out firsthand what fate has befallen the missing girls.
El pollo, el pez y el cangrejo real=2008-02-15=A documentary that chronicles Spanish master chef Jesus Almagro's preparation for the Bocuse d'Or, an international cooking contest.
The Great Los Angeles Earthquake=1990-11-11="After a series of small tremors in Los Angeles, Dr. Clare Winslow, a local seismologist, pinpoints the exact location and time of when the long awaited earthquake--""The Big One""--will strike southern California. With this information, she must battle city officials to release this information to the general public. Also, she hopes that her family is out of harms way when the quake strikes. Subplots show how other families and people cope with the the tremors that strike before the impending ""Big One."""
Mediterraneo=1991-01-31=Greek Sea, World War II. An Italian ship leaves a handful of soldiers in a little island; their mission is to spot enemy ships and to hold the island in case of attack. The village of the island seems abandoned and there isn't a single enemy in sight, so the soldiers begin to relax a little. Things change when their ship is hit and destroyed by the enemy, and the soldiers find themselves abandoned there. Actually, the island isn't deserted and when the Greeks understand that those Italians are harmless, they came out of their hiding places in the mountains and continue their peaceful lives. Soon the soldiers discover that being left behind in a God-forgotten Greek island isn't such a bad thing, after all...
Foxfire=2012-09-24=Set in the 1950s, a a group of young girls in upstate New York form their own gang.
Il corsaro nero=1971-03-12="Rivaling Pirates and Spanish gold are the ingredients for this story. Blackie the pirate is the one who first hears from this shipment of gold when he encounters ""Don"" Pedro. He thinks of a plan to find this ship and its gold. His counter player is the vice roy of the Spanish kolony. When they visit one of the pirate settlements, they find three other pirate captains over there. One of them sells goods and prisoners from his latest capture. Don Pedro recognizes the wife of the vice roy, and Blackie buys her. However, one of the pirate captains, Skull, knows also who she is, and tries to make a deal. Blackie refuses, and Skull makes a deal with the other two pirate captains to plot against Blackie."
La cinquième saison=2012-09-03=Villagers find their situation growing increasingly desperate when their community becomes engulfed in an endless winter.
Julius Caesar=2002-12-27=Twenty year-old Julius Caesar flees Rome for his life during the reign of Sulla but through skill and ambition rises four decades later to become Rome's supreme dictator.
Star Trek=2009-05-06=The fate of the galaxy rests in the hands of bitter rivals. One, James Kirk, is a delinquent, thrill-seeking Iowa farm boy. The other, Spock, a Vulcan, was raised in a logic-based society that rejects all emotion. As fiery instinct clashes with calm reason, their unlikely but powerful partnership is the only thing capable of leading their crew through unimaginable danger, boldly going where no one has gone before. The human adventure has begun again.
Red Rock West=1993-07-08=When a promised job for Texan Michael fails to materialise in Wyoming, Mike is mistaken by Wayne to be the hitman he hired to kill his unfaithful wife, Suzanne. Mike takes full advantage of the situation, collects the money and runs. During his getaway, things go wrong, and soon get worse when he runs into the real hitman, Lyle.
Le jour et la nuit=1997-02-12=Ten years ago, distinguished French author Alexandre (Alain Delon) exchanged his stressful, hectic life in Paris for a more peaceful existence upon a Mexican hacienda with his wife Ariane (Marianne Denicourt). Lucien (Jean-Pierre Kalfon) also accompanies them. There, Alexandre meets the strange lady-oracle Sonia (Lauren Bacall). As the film opens, the melancholy Alexandre is visited by the sensuous actress Laure (Arielle Dombasle) and her producer Raoul Fillipi (Karl Zero) who is going to make a movie of one of Alexandre's best-loved books. Laure is determined to play the part of the heroine and is willing to resort to seduction to get it. At the same time, Ariane is involved in a passionate affair with French-Mexican seismologist Carlo (Xavier Beauvois). While all of these characters wrangle and tangle with their different agendas, the local residents prepare for a violent revolution. ~ Sandra Brennan, Rovi
Bad Turn Worse=2014-08-15=Three teenage friends get in way over their head when they cross a down-home crime syndicate. They hope to make a break for it and escape their dead-end existence in a cotton-mill town but get sucked into the seedy underbelly of organized crime when one of them steals from the wrong man.
Gore, Quebec=2014-10-14=Gore, Quebec tells the story of two acquaintances who are set up by their mutual friends on a cottage weekend in Quebec. What was supposed to be an exciting and fun weekend, quickly turns into the blind date from hell, as the Couple discover that the cottage is not safe, and that their friends are already dead. The film begins in a home movie found-footage style, but quickly shifts into a more cinematic style once things start unraveling. With a serial killer terrorizing them, the Couple have to either protect one another to survive, or try to escape separately. Do you protect your fellow man, or is survival a solitary journey?
TINY: A Story About Living Small=2013-03-09=What is home? And how do we find it? TINY follows one couple's attempt to build a Tiny House from scratch with no building experience, and profiles other families who have downsized their lives into houses smaller than the average parking space. Through homes stripped down to their essentials, the film raises questions about sustainability, good design, and the changing American Dream.
गरम मसाला=2005-11-03=What happens when a good for nothing handsome hunk like Mac finds himself in possession of an empty flat and access to three gorgeous air hostesses, Priti, Sweety and Puja? Garam Masala! What happens when Mac, who is already engaged to Anjali, convinces each of the three girls that she is the one and only one for him? Garam Masala! What happens when Sam, once Mac's best friend and now his sworn enemy, threatens to reveal Mac's harem to Anjali? Garam Masala! What happens when all the girls land in the flat at the same time? Garam Masala!
All About Anna=2005-11-24=Anna is a young costume designer, focused on her job and wary of getting caught in romantic relationships. She has just found a new apartment, and is tempted to let her latest boyfriend, Frank, move in with her. Instead, she finds a tenant: The flamboyant, fun-loving Camilla, who shares Anna’s views on love and commitment. For both of them, it’s all about fun.
A Low Down Dirty Shame=1994-11-23=A black detective becomes embroiled in a web of danger while searching for a fortune in missing drug money. During the course of his investigation, he encounters various old connections, ultimately confronting the criminal responsible for Shame's expulsion from the force. He must also deal with two women, Angela, a beautiful old flame, and Peaches, his energetic but annoying sidekick.
Love Punch=2013-09-12=Retirement at last! Middle-aged and divorced, company owner Richard Jones is looking forward to a worry-free existence as he arrives at his office on his last day of work. Much to his dismay, he discovers that the management buyout of his company was fraudulent. The company is now bankrupt and the employee pension fund — including his own — has been embezzled. Enlisting the help of his ex-wife Kate, Richard sets out to track down the shady businessman behind the fraud...
Jönssonligan dyker upp igen=1986-10-24=Criminal trio strike at furniture store, discover a secret network for shipping computers to the Soviet Union.
Kuulustelu=2009-09-25=Nuori nainen on saanut kutsun saapua poliisin kuultavaksi. Hän pelkää joutuvansa ansaan. Hän on täydellistä suomenkieltä puhuva Neuvosto-desantti, joka on varomattomuuttaan jättänyt vakoiluradionsa pesulaan säilytettäväksi.
Linhas de Wellington=2012-10-13=Passionate romance, brutal treachery, and selfless nobility are set against the background of Napoleon’s 1810 invasion of Portugal in Valeria Sarmiento’s intimate epic.
Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan=1989-07-28="The Big Apple's in big trouble, as indestructible psycho-fiend Jason Vorhees hits the road to New York City. After a shocking return from beyond the grave, the diabolical Jason ships out abroad a teen-filled ""love boat"" bound for New York, which he soon transforms into the ultimate voyage of the damned. Then one of his terrified victims escapes into the nightmarish maze of Manhattan's subways and sewers, only to confront Jason one final time."
The Man in the Iron Mask=1998-03-12=Years have passed since the Three Musketeers, Aramis, Athos and Porthos, have fought together with their friend, D'Artagnan. But with the tyrannical King Louis using his power to wreak havoc in the kingdom while his twin brother, Philippe, remains imprisoned, the Musketeers reunite to abduct Louis and replace him with Philippe.
Une belle fille comme moi=1972-09-13="Stanislas Previne is a young sociologist, preparing a thesis on criminal women. He chooses Camille Bliss as his subject of study and begins to visit her in prison for interviews. Camille became acquainted with trouble at a young age and justifies her actions by ""fate-bets.""  She is currently in prison for allegedly murdering one of her lovers. As she tells Stanislas of her life and love affairs, his interest in her grows to more than just professional.  Can he resist her charm?"
Nous irons tous au paradis=1977-11-09=The film is the immediate continuation of Un éléphant ça trompe énormément, released the previous year. Having fortuitously discovered a photograph in which Marthe embraces someone unknown, clothed with a chequed jacket, Étienne Dorsay becomes jealous, and imagines various stratagems to identify the lover. In the meantime, Étienne and his friends acquire a weekend house for a very low price. As in the previous work, the film is largely narrated by the character Étienne, whose tone shifts with the reality of the images. The film contains a certain number of allusions to the films of Blake Edwards (the Pink Panther series).
Les Sœurs Brontë=1979-05-09=In a small presbytery in Yorkshire, England, living under the watchful eyes of their aunt and father, a strict Anglican pastor, the Bronte sisters write their first works and quickly become literary sensations.
Voy a explotar=2008-09-26=Tale of a young couple who throw caution to the wind and set out in search of their true fate. Román is the son of a contemptible, right-leaning congressman. Recently enrolled in a new high school, the rebellious teen clumsily attempts to hang himself on-stage at the big talent show. Maru is the sole member of the audience to applaud, earning both students a day of detention. After bonding during the course of their punishment, Román and Maru grab daddy's gun, steal a Volkswagen, and hit the road bound for nowhere.
Blackthorn=2011-08-31=In Bolivia, Butch Cassidy (now calling himself James Blackthorne) pines for one last sight of home, an adventure that aligns him with a young robber and makes the duo a target for gangs and lawmen alike.
A Sunday Kind of Love=2016-04-15=A struggling writer meets death and falls in love. He must decide if his true love is in this world or the next, and if his dreams of success are worth dying for.
The 300 Spartans=1962-08-01=Essentially true story of how Spartan king Leonidas led an extremely small army of Greek Soldiers (300 of his personal body guards from Sparta) to hold off an invading Persian army now thought to have numbered 250,000.
さらば夏の光=1968-12-31=The setup here is a couple. They are both Japanese. She is married to a European, is haunted by the Nagasaki bomb which killed her father. The two are in love.
Endangered Species=1982-09-10=Thriller about a New York ex-cop and an attractive female sheriff who fall in love while investigating a string of mysterious cattle mutilations in a small Colorado town. Urich is great as Reuben Castle, the retired alcoholic police lieutenant out visiting the town with his tomboy daughter. At first he tries to stay out of the case but finds himself involved after the mysterious death of his friend Joe Hiatt, the editor of the local paper whose theories about black helicopters have aroused the ire of cattle baron Ben Morgan. Trying miserably to stay sober, Castle finds himself back in danger and in love, as he and the sheriff work together to get to the bottom of the mystery, encountering incredible danger and resistance from the frightened locals.
Desde allá=2016-01-21=Lorenzo Vigas’ mesmerizing feature debut examines the struggles of a man petrified by the notion of human contact and intimacy. Armando, aged 50, (played by Pablo Larraín favourite Alfredo Castro in one of his most striking performances yet), cruises young men in the streets of Caracas and pays them to come back to his house. He also regularly spies on an older man with whom he seems to have ties from the past. One day he meets 17-year-old Elder, leader of a small band of thugs. Their turbulent relationship will come to mimic the violent, passionate, oppressive unpredictability of the city around them.  Winner of the Golden Lion for Best Film at the Venice Film Festival in 2015.
The Spy in the Green Hat=1967-02-03="""Spy in the Green Hat, The (1966)"" on the other hand, is both exciting AND funny. Especially the scene where Napoleon Solo (Robert Vaughn) hides from THRUSH agents under a young woman's (the incredibly cute Letícia Román) bed and is caught by the woman's grandmother (Penny Santon), who is forcing Solo to marry the young woman. He successfully escapes, but is hunted by a legion of stereotyped Italian gangsters. Now that's comedy."
Positive I.D.=1986-10-28=A plain suburban housewife, the past victim of a brutal assault, is still having trouble coping with the incident a year later...
Sovietskie igrushki=1924-03-11=Considered to be the first animated Soviet film, Soviet Toys was made by the acclaimed director, Dziga Vertov. It is based on political caricatures by V. Deni which appeared in the newspaper 'Pravda'.
The Young Kieslowski=2015-07-24=Grand romantic gestures need not apply in this comedic tale of star-crossed young love. Instead, freshman Brian Kieslowski displays endless reserves of bumbling awkwardness as he goes home with a girl for the first time... and then learns that he got her pregnant... with twins... all while she's going through a rather inconvenient Christianity phase. Could it be that being the good guy and doing what's right are two very different things?
DMT: The Spirit Molecule=2010-10-15=THE SPIRIT MOLECULE weaves an account of Dr. Rick Strassman's groundbreaking DMT research through a multifaceted approach to this intriguing hallucinogen found in the human brain and hundreds of plants, including the sacred Amazonian brew, ayahuasca. Utilizing interviews with a variety of experts to explain their thoughts and experiences with DMT, and ayahuasca, within their respective fields, and discussions with Strassman’s research volunteers, brings to life the awesome effects of this compound, and introduces us to far-reaching theories regarding its role in human consciousness.
The Enemies of Reason=2007-01-01="Documentary written and presented by scientist Richard Dawkins, in which he seeks to expose ""those areas of belief that exist without scientific proof, yet manage to hold the nation under their spell"", including mediumship, psychokinesis, acupuncture, and other forms of alternative medicine."
招半式闖江湖=1978-06-30=A young daydreamer  assumes the identity of a dead martial arts hero and quickly finds himself caught up in a plot by several clans to steal famous martial arts artifacts being transported by an escort company.
Lokmanya: Ek Yug Purush=2015-01-02="The film encompasses some of a lifetime span of the legend - ""Father of Indian Unrest"""
Alone in the Dark 2=2008-09-01=When the night falls, and the creatures of the dark are crawling out of the shadows, there is only one man who stands between us and evil: Edward Carnby.
Be Kind Rewind=2008-01-20=A man whose brain becomes magnetized unintentionally destroys every tape in his friend's video store. In order to satisfy the store's most loyal renter, an aging woman with signs of dementia, the two men set out to remake the lost films.
Feet First=1930-11-08=Ambitious shoe salesman, Harold, unknowingly meets the boss' daughter and tells her he is a leather tycoon. The rest of the film he spends hiding his true circumstances, in the store and later on a ship. Trying to deliver a letter, he later finds himself dangling high above the street on a building's scaffolding.
Prem Mhanje Prem Mhanje Prem Asta=2013-12-21=The film grapples with multiple issues, but primarily the changing nature of love and its impact on the twin institutions of marriage and family.
The Courtship of Eddie's Father=1963-03-27=The film that started the classic TV series. Although he's only seven, Eddie's got it all figured out. He wants his father, a widower, to get remarried - to the girl next door. Unfortunately, she's not one of the women that his dad's been dating. Sweet family comedy.
10 Days in a Madhouse=2015-11-20=Nellie Bly, a 23 year-old reporter for Joseph Pulitzer, goes undercover in the notorious Blackwell's Island women's insane asylum in order to expose corruption, abuse and murder.
Marie-Jo et ses deux amours=2002-06-26=Marie-Jo and Her Two Lovers (French: Marie-Jo et ses deux amours) is a 2002 French drama film directed by Robert Guédiguian. It was entered into the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.
Nine to Five=1980-12-18=Frank Hart is a pig. He takes advantage in the grossest manner of the women who work with him. When his three assistants manage to trap him in his own house they assume control of his department and productivity leaps, but just how long can they keep Hart tied up?
Our Family Wedding=2010-03-12=The weeks leading up to a young couple's wedding is comic and stressful, especially as their respective fathers try to lay to rest their feud.
The Family Way=1966-12-18=Following the wedding of young Jenny Piper and Arthur Fitton (Hayley Mills and Hywel Bennett), a rowdy reception is held at a local pub where the newlyweds are subjected to much well-meaning but vulgar ribaldry. The couple returns to the Fitton home to spend their first night together before leaving for a honeymoon in Majorca, but they are followed by some of the wedding guests who keep the party going until early morning. Worse yet, when the youngsters finally are permitted to retire, their bed collapses as the result of a practical joke.
Whatever It Takes=2000-03-31=A nerdy teen, Ryan Woodman is smitten with the popular and gorgeous Ashley Grant, who apparently has no interest in him. Meanwhile, dim star athlete Chris Campbell has his eye on Ryan's brainy and beautiful friend, Maggie Carter. The two agree to help each other in their romantic quests, but, as they come closer to their goals, both Ryan and Chris suspect that they might be pursuing the wrong girls.
Strays=1997-01-18=Rick (Diesel) is frustrated by the repetitious grind of one-night stands and aimless hustling. Whilst looking for more to his life he meets Heather (Lanza), a neighbour. Rick takes the opportunity to escape his boring life style with her, but soon finds that his volatile behaviour threatens to finish their relationship before it even really begins.
Night of the Living Dead: Darkest Dawn=2015-10-05=A group of survivors trapped in a New York apartment fight to stay alive against legions of zombies.
Nazarín=1959-05-11=Nazarín is the priest who leaves his order and decides to go on a pilgrimage. As he goes along subsisting on alms, he shelters a prostitute wanted by the police for murder. He is released from suspicion and she eventually catches up with him when she escapes imprisonment. Another woman joins the duo and soon the ex-priest is learning more about the human heart and suffering than when he wore robes.
Burlesque=2010-11-23=The Burlesque Lounge has its best days behind it. Tess, a retired dancer and owner of the venue, struggles to keep the aging theater alive, facing all kinds of financial and artistic challenges. With the Lounge's troupe members becoming increasingly distracted by personal problems and a threat coming from a wealthy businessman's quest to buy the spot from Tess, the good fortune seems to have abandoned the club altogether. Meanwhile, the life of Ali, a small-town girl from Iowa, is about to change dramatically. Hired by Tess as a waitress at the Lounge, Ali escapes a hollow past and quickly falls in love with the art of burlesque. Backed by newfound friends amongst the theater's crew, she manages to fulfill her dreams of being on stage herself. Things take a dramatic turn though when Ali's big voice makes her become the main attraction of the revue
Never a Dull Moment=1950-08-19=Kay Kingsley, a sophisticated and successful songwriter in New York City. falls in love with a widowed rancher, Chris Heyward, she meets at the Madison Square Garden Rodeo and they get married, and leave for his ranch in the west. Her friends warn her of an early disillusionment with life on a ranch, far away from the glitter and bright lights of Broadway. Kay makes one difficulty adjustment after another, as the ranch is presided over by Chris's kids, and an incident occurs with a neighbor that prompts Kay to return to her glamorous life in New York. But she soon finds her heart is with Chris and his children.
Saat yan faan=2009-07-09=A Hong Kong-set mystery centered on a detective who has been framed for a series of gruesome murders.
MEGAZONE23 III イブの目覚め／解放の日=1989-01-01=Years after the events of Megazone 23 II, the only city on Earth is the supposedly idyllic Eden. There lives Eiji Takanaka, a B Level hacker who has just been accepted into EX, the organization that controls Eden. However, before his first day on the job, he becomes embroiled in a network war, a legendary figure named EVE, and a plot to re-inhabit the Earth.
Lay the Favorite=2012-06-22=A former stripper's talent with numbers lands her a job with a professional gambler who runs a sports book in Las Vegas.
Racquet=1979-12-30=Centred around a former tennis champ who swings with the girls and volleying straight sets with the rich and famous while set on owning his own tennis court.
Homme au bain=2010-09-21=Omar (Omar Ben Sellem) and Emmanuel (François Sagat) go to great lengths to prove they are not in love.
Breakfast on Pluto=2005-09-03="In the 1970s, a foundling lad, Patrick ""Kitten"" Braden, comes of age by leaving his Irish town for London, in part to look for his mother and in part because his trans-gender nature is beyond the town's understanding."
韓城攻略=2005-02-05="In this sequel to ""Tokyo Raiders"", wisecracking, kung-fu-fighting spy/private eye Lam jets off to Seoul..."
Leviatán=1984-01-01=A (dubbed) Alice Cooper stars as Victor Raven, a famous rock star, who returns to his childhood home to shoot a music video. Believing his presence is responsible for the return of a monstrous hound that killed folks when he was kid, the locals decide to do something violent about it.
Radiostars=2012-04-11=Ben, who dreamed of himself as a comic in New York, is back in Paris, his professional and emotional life in complete disarray. He encounters Alex, the star host of the Breakfast Club, a popular morning radio show. With Cyril, a forty-something who'd prefer not to be, and Arnold, the charismatic leader of the gang, they call the shots on Blast FM. In next to no time Ben is hired to write for them. He's barely joined the team when a tidal wave hits the station: Breakfast Club listenership is in free fall. They set out on a bus to travel to every corner of France to meet and win over their public once again. For these arrogant Parisians, a real journey of initiation arises from this radio-phonic road trip, shaking up all their certainties.
Ultimate Avengers 2=2006-08-08=Mysterious Wakanda lies in the darkest heart of Africa, unknown to most of the world. An isolated land hidden behind closed borders, fiercely protected by its young king - the Black Panther. But when brutal alien invaders attack, the threat leaves the Black Panther with no option but to go against the sacred decrees of his people and ask for help from outsiders.
Nothing Sacred=1937-11-25=Hazel Flagg of Warsaw, Vermont receives the news that her terminal case of radium poisoning from a workplace incident was a complete misdiagnosis with mixed emotions. She is happy not to be dying, but she, who has never traveled the world, was going to use the money paid to her by her factory to go to New York in style. She believes her dreams can still be realized when Wally Cook arrives in town. He is a New York reporter with the Morning Star newspaper. He believes that Hazel's valiant struggle concerning her impending death is just the type of story he needs to resurrect his name within reporting circles after a recent story he wrote led to scandal and a major demotion at the newspaper.
విక్రమార్కుడు=2006-06-23=Athili Sathi Babu (Ravi Teja) is a smalltime thief in Hyderabad. A small girl comes to Sathi Babu claiming that he is her father. Later on it is revealed that there is a look-alike of Sathi Babu in the form of Vikram Singh Rathod who had an impeccable track record as IPS officer. His past in Chambal valley catches up with him. The rest of the story is all about how these look-alikes' take care of baddies.
The Man Who Skied Down Everest=1975-09-19=A Japanese skier tries to fulfill his dream of sking down Mount Everest.
Le moine et le poisson=1994-01-01=A plump and exuberant monk goes fishing, and a playful fish eludes him. First the monk uses a rod and reel, then a net; over and over, he ends up fish-less and wet. Sleepless, he tries luring the fish at night with a bank of candles. He tries a bow and arrow. The tireless and insouciant fish leads the monk through a viaduct, over irrigated steppes, across cisterns, down canals. Suddenly, the monk's chase and the fish's teasing flight become a spiritual journey.
The Trespasser=1929-11-11="A stenographer who works for a lawyer falls in love with and marries a wealthy young man. His family has the marraige annulled, after which she gives birth to a child. Her former boss helps her out to ensure the child's welfare, which starts gossip that she is a ""kept woman."""
Le saut de l'ange=1971-09-21=In this French crime thriller, you can leave the mob, but the mob won't leave you. Louis (Jean Yanne) has retired to a Thailand plantation with an Asian wife and child. Back in Marseilles, however, because a no-holds-barred gang war has broken out, Louis' large collateral family is wiped out, and he is family are slated for destruction.
പിന്നെയും=2016-08-18=After years spent living off the modest wealth of his in-laws, a man hatches a desperate plan that draws his respectable middle-class family into a vortex of crime, in this first feature in eight years from south Indian master Adoor Gopalakrishnan.
The Strawberry Statement=1970-08-28=Simon (Bruce Davison), a student at a fictional university in San Francisco (based on San Francisco State College) is indifferent to the student protests around him, until walking in on a naked woman (Kristina Holland) in his dormitory roommate's bed. While she quickly runs over to the toilets to dress, Simon protests to his roommate that their time should only be devoted to studying, so they can get good jobs and lots of money. Coming back clothed, the woman refuses setting another date with the roommate because she'll be busy protesting. She explains the university's plan to construct a gymnasium in an African-American neighborhood, thus causing conflict with the local African American population. She tells him that she and others plan to take over one of the university's buildings.
Men in War=1957-03-19=In Korea, on 6 September 1950, Lieutenant Benson's platoon finds itself isolated in enemy-held territory after a retreat. Soon they are joined by Sergeant Montana, whose overriding concern is caring for his catatonic colonel. Benson and Montana can't stand each other, but together they must get the survivors to Hill 465, where they hope the division is waiting. It's a long, harrowing march, fraught with all the dangers the elusive enemy can summon.
Astérix aux Jeux Olympiques=2008-01-13=Astérix and Obélix have to win the Olympic Games in order to help their friend Alafolix marry Princess Irina (portrayed by supermodel Vanessa Hessler). Brutus (Benoît Poelvoorde) uses every trick in the book to have his own team win the game, and get rid of his father Julius Caesar (Alain Delon) in the process.
Friday the 13th Part 2=1981-05-01=Five years after the horrible bloodbath at Camp Crystal Lake, it seems Jason Voorhees and his demented mother are in the past. Paul opens up a new camp close to the infamous site, ignoring warnings to stay away, and a sexually-charged group of counselors follow -- including child psychologist major Ginny. But Jason has been hiding out all this time, and now he's ready for revenge.
시월애=2000-09-09="Eun-joo moves out of her house ""Il Mare"", leaving behind a Christmas card for the eventual new owner of the house in 1999. In it she asks him/her to forward any mail of hers to her new address in the city. It is 1997 and Sung-hyun, the first owner of ""Il Mare"" is moving in and finds in his mailbox the Christmas card from Eun-joo. Thinking it was a joke, Sung-hyun leaves her a letter telling her so and reminds her that its 1997 not 1999. Eventually the two realize that they are separated by two years of time but can somehow communicate through the mailbox and begin to form a friendship through their letters."
The Holy Modal Rounders: Bound to Lose=2007-12-07=A look back on the weird and wasted career of the Holy Modal Rounders.
Olga's House of Shame=1964-02-06="In this third installment of the ""Olga"" series, our heroine adds jewel smuggling to her repertoire of dope pushing and white slavery. As the vicious Olga (Audrey Campbell) expands her criminal empire, she also encounters more resistance as a string of once-trusted partners turn traitor in an effort to steal the successful racket out from under her. The result is exactly what fans of the series expect, a barrage of torture scenes featuring soldering irons, floggings, spankings, and even an electric chair. As with its predecessors, Olga's House of Shame is a silent black and white film with narration to explain the action, but even with direct commentary it's difficult to keep track of the characters and Campbell (who is occasionally caught laughing out loud at the absurdity of it all) has all the menace of a kindergarten teacher, even when wielding a machete."
I Love You Both=2017-06-09=Krystal and her twin brother/roommate confront twenty-eight years of their codependency when they start dating the same guy.
Catching the Sun=2015-06-12=Through interwoven character dramas spanning the U.S. and China, Catching the Sun explores the global economic race to lead the clean energy future. .
This Woman Is Dangerous=1952-02-09=Elizabeth is losing her sight, so while her lover go into hiding, she checks in to the hospital for extensive surgery to recover her eyesight. There she is treated by a handsome young doctor, Ben Hellack (Dennis Morgan). As expected not only the doctor successfully open her eyes, he also opened her heart for him.
The Exorcism of Molly Hartley=2015-10-09=Taking place years after The Haunting of Molly Hartley, who now, as an adult, has fallen under the possession of an evil spirit and must be exorcised by a fallen priest before the devil completely takes her.
The Old Man and the Sea=1958-10-07=Based on one of Hemingway's most famous works, it centers upon Santiago, an aging, down on his luck Cuban fisherman. After catching nothing for nearly 3 months, he hooks a huge Marlin and struggles to land it far out in the Gulf Stream.
The Beach Boys: An American Band=1985-11-22=A biography of the American rock band The Beach Boys, with interviews, concert footage and clips from movies and television shows they appeared in.
PoliWood=2009-07-03=An in-depth look at the Democratic and Republican national conventions held during the 2008 U.S. Presidential election year.
زندان زنان=2002-10-06=Spanning 18 years in an Iranian women's prison, this follows two women: the new prison warden, a tough as nails devout Muslim who has served in the army on the Iraqi front, and a young midwife, Mitra, who is serving her sentence for killing her mother's abusive husband. In the early years, Mitra is repeatedly punished as the warden tries to break her. This includes punishment for delivering a baby in the prison cell while all of the prison staff has taken shelter during an Iraqi bombing. The warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years, when Mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates. When the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent, Sepideh, the warden respects Mitra enough to protect the girl.
Cinemanovels=2013-09-06=The estranged daughter (Lauren Lee Smith) of a recently deceased filmmaker gains a new understanding of her father when she offers to create a retrospective of his work.
Somewhere in the City=1998-06-11=The film portrays life of New York City's Lower East Side inhabitants. Introvert therapist Betty is befriended with Chinese immigrant Lu Lu, leftist radical Che is also Lu Lu's friend. Italian immigrant and wife of supervisor of building where they all live, Marta, is having an affair with her neighbour Frankie who likes scams. One of his scams goes terribly wrong.
Palmetto=1998-02-20=A recently released ex-con gets involved in a fake kidnapping scheme that turns very real.
Don't Look in the Basement=1973-09-01=A young psychiatric nurse goes to work at a lonesome asylum following a murder. There, she experiences varying degrees of torment from the patients.
A Turtle’s Tale 2: Sammy’s Escape From Paradise=2012-08-15=Sammy and Ray, leatherback turtles and friends forever, are enjoying an atoll's water and sand, shepherding new hatchlings Ricky and Ella out to sea. Suddenly, a poacher swoops in and ships them off to be part of a spectacular aquarium show for tourists in Dubai. The kingpin of the place, Big D the seahorse, enlists them in his plans for a great escape. But with their new friends Jimbo the bug-eyed blob fish and Lulu the snippy lobster, Annabel the sweet Octopus, and a whole family of penguins, Sammy and Ray hatch breakout plans of their own. That is when little Ricky and Ella arrive, determined to break in to rescue them. After a series of thrilling adventures and narrow escapes, our heroes head south to meet up with Shelly, Sammy's first and only love.
A Bela e o Paparazzo=2010-01-28=Love on the front page
Kingdom Come=2014-08-20=A group of strangers wake up in an abandoned hospital to find themselves stalked by a supernatural force with sinister intentions.
הסיפור של יוסי=2012-05-16="The sequel to ""Yossi and Jagger"" finds character Yossi (Ohad Knoller) leading a sad existence after losing his partner Jagger on the battlefield.  A chance encounter with a middle-aged woman linked to his past shakes up his otherwise staid routine and sends him on a spontaneous pilgrimage to Tel Aviv. It is on the roads of southern Israel that he reignites the fire of his former self."
Santa Claus=1898-09-01=Santa arrives at a house on Christmas Eve to deliver his presents for the children.
Jimmy Vestvood: Amerikan Hero=2016-03-13=A wannabe private investigator wins the Green Card lottery and moves to America to pursue his dream only to find himself embroiled in a conspiracy to start the next world war.
Muerte en Buenos Aires=2014-05-05=Buenos Aires in the 1980s. Detective Chavez, a family man and a tough cop, once again must solve a mysterious crime. To reveal the identity of the murderer, Chavez must clarify the enigma waiting in ambush to capture his own heart. Passion surprises even the most astute detective. What will triumph: law or desire?
Dial 1119=1950-11-03=A killer holds the customers at a bar hostage.
沈黙 SILENCE=1971-11-13=Two Jesuit priests encounter persecution when they travel to Japan in the 17th century to spread Christianity and search for their mentor.
Confessions of a Driving Instructor=1976-09-01=Timothy Lea and his brother-in-law Sidney decide upon opening a driving school as their latest get-rich-quick scheme. Though he sincerely wants to teach, young Timmy finds that his female students are far more interested in keeping their eyes on him than on the road.
Två killar och en tjej=1983-03-25=Three friends who haven't seen each other for seventeen years reunite and have a lot to tell about what has happened in the meantime. The film follows the friends for some time afterwards and then moves another twenty years in the future...
세븐 데이즈=2007-11-14=A successful lawyer who, in order to save her daughter, is pressured into defending the innocence of a man slated to receive the death penalty.
Shock Value=2014-08-01=Struggling 'B' movie Director blackmails a serial killer to be the star of his next film.
The Whole Truth=2016-03-25=A defense attorney works to get his teenage client acquitted of murdering his wealthy father.
검은 집=2007-06-21=Jun-oh, an insurance claims agent, faces off with a client who he suspects of committing murders with the intention of collecting insurance premiums.
Mrs. Dalloway=1997-09-01=As society hostess Clarissa Dalloway prepares for another of her legendary parties, she finds herself haunted by figures and scenes from her passionate adolescence.
Enemies with Benefits=2016-01-15=19 year old Jamie just wants someone to love. With no one to call his own he just decides to put an end to it all. That is until a visitor from beyond shows Jamie that his life has meaning and that he needs to stay alive and fulfill his destiny. But the visitors motives may not be all for the good in this over the top throwback to the casual sex, clothes optional adult comedy.
The Last Wagon=1956-09-21=When a handful of settlers survive an Apache attack on their wagon train they must put their lives into the hands of Comanche Todd, a white man who has lived with the Comanches most of his life and is wanted for the murder of three men.
Tadpole=2002-11-01=Beautiful, sophisticated women are all over Oscar Grubman. He is sensitive and compassionate, speaks French fluently, is passionate about Voltaire, and thinks the feature that tells the most about a woman is her hands. On the train home from Chauncey Academy for the Thanksgiving weekend, Oscar confides in his best friend that he has plans for this vacation--he will win the heart of his true love. But there is one major problem--Oscar's true love is his stepmother Eve. Oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to Eve than his work-obsessed father. He fails to win Eve's heart and is consequently dejected. Oscar's path to his true love is further crossed by Diane, Eve's best friend who, one night while wearing Eve's borrowed perfumed scarf, offers him temporary comfort in an unconventional tryst. For Diane, Oscar fills a void in her life. For Oscar, Diane is somewhat of a distraction, as his continued pursuit of Eve leads to an unexpected resolution.
Some Kind of Wonderful=1987-02-27=A young tomboy, Watts, finds her feelings for her best friend, Keith, run deeper than just friendship when he gets a date with the most popular girl in school.
Monster a-Go Go=1965-07-01=The plot concerns an American astronaut, Frank Douglas, who mysteriously disappears from his spacecraft as it parachutes to Earth. The vanished astronaut is apparently replaced by or turned into a large, radioactive, humanoid monster. A team of scientists and military men attempt to capture the monster — and at one point succeed, only to have him escape again. Neither the capture nor the escape are ever shown, simply mentioned by the narrator.
Maciste e la regina di Samar=1964-06-27=Hercules is summoned to oppose the evil Queen Samara, who has allied herself with aliens and is sacrificing her own people in a bid to awaken a moon goddess.
Nana=1983-06-13=In Zola's Paris, an ingenue arrives at a tony bordello: she's Nana, guileless, but quickly learning to use her erotic innocence to get what she wants. She's an actress for a soft-core filmmaker and soon is the most popular courtesan in Paris, parlaying this into a house, bought for her by a wealthy banker. She tosses him and takes up with her neighbor, a count of impeccable rectitude, and with the count's impressionable son. The count is soon fetching sticks like a dog and mortgaging his lands to satisfy her whims.
Soupçons=2004-06-01="Academy Award-winning documentary filmmaker, Jean-Xavier de Lestrade, presents a gripping courtroom thriller, offering a rare and revealing inside look at a high-profile murder trial. In 2001, author Michael Peterson was arraigned for the murder of his wife Kathleen, whose body was discovered lying in a pool of blood on the stairway of their home. Granted unusual access to Peterson's lawyers, home and immediate family, de Lestrade's cameras capture the defense team as it considers its strategic options. ""The staircase"" is an engrossing look at contemporary American justice that features more twists than a legal bestseller."
Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam=1962-01-01=A Zamindar neglects his wife and prefers the company of alcohol and dancing girls. The decadence of the Bangali Zamindar milieu and the raising bourgeoisie in the late 19th century, seen through the eyes of a young upward mobile rustic seeking fortune in Calcutta, and fascinated by the lady of the house.
Viva la muerte=1971-01-01=At the end of the Spanish civil war, Fando, a boy of about ten, tries to make sense of war and his father's arrest. His mother is religious, sympathetic to the Fascists; his father is accused of being a Red. Fando discovers that his mother may have aided in his father's arrest. Sometimes we witness Fando imagining explanations for what's going on; sometimes we see him at play, alone or with his friend Thérèse. Oedipal fantasies and a lad's natural curiosity about sex and death mix with his search for his mother's nature and his father's fate. Will Fando survive the search?
Blue Denim=1959-07-30=Two naive high-school students must deal with the unexpected consequences after a night of passion. Director Philip Dunne's 1959 film about teenage pregnancy stars Brandon de Wilde, Carol Lynley, Macdonald Carey, Marsha Hunt, Warren Berlinger, William Schallert and Roberta Shore.
A la legión le gustan las mujeres... y a las mujeres, les gusta la legión=1976-03-16=A lieutenant and four others are having a little party before entering combat. Ensign has his girlfriend in a village occupied by the enemy, so it is essential a rescue mission
Die letzten Männer=1995-10-03="Disappointed by failed relationships and the demands set by local women, more and more Austrians search for happiness in a marriage with women from Thailand and the Philippines. Asked about the positive properties of their Asian spouses, the answer of the Austrian husbands quite often is, ""They don't talk back."" Protagonist of the film is Karl S., a teacher in Vienna in his forties. Following his failed marriage he is now seeking a durable partnership and is on the lookout for a wife who doesn't question her traditional role. His solution: a wife from the Far East. Karl S. rounds up experiences and visits several mixed couples to get a clearer picture and to have his idea proven right. The film accompanies him on his search for the ideal woman and gives an insight into the imagination of these ""last real men"" who at the beginning seem to have hit the jackpot with their decisions"
Iceberg Slim: Portrait of a Pimp=2012-09-08='Iceberg Slim: Portrait of a Pimp', examines the tumultuous life of legendary Chicago pimp Iceberg Slim (1918-1992) and how he reinvented himself from pimp to author of 7 groundbreaking books. These books were the birth of Street Lit and explored the world of the ghetto in gritty and poetic detail and have made him a cultural icon. Interviews with Iceberg Slim, Chris Rock, Henry Rollins, Ice-T, Snoop Dogg, and Quincy Jones.
Anthropoid=2016-08-12=In December 1941, Czech soldiers Jozef Gabčík and Jan Kubiš parachute into their occupied homeland to assassinate Nazi officer Reinhard Heydrich.
On Any Sunday=1971-07-28=Documentary on motorcycle racing featuring stars of the sport, including film star Steve McQueen, a racer in his own right.
Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story=1988-04-30=The final 17 years of American singer and musician Karen Carpenter, performed almost entirely by modified Barbie dolls.
Summer of 8=2016-04-26=Eight close friends soak up their last day of summer together on the beach before parting ways for college.
Terminus paradis=1998-09-09=The level of disinterest in personal affairs has become so cynical in Bucharest that people cheer even an inept army and police manhunt. Meanwhile, Mitu and Elena get to know each other in the course of a vodka drinking contest and discover that they are both dissatisfied with the status quo. Mitu is about to begin military service and Elena is to be married to a man she does not love. They decide they are meant for each other and plan on a different future, one that is on a collision course with the authorities, and start a mad affair.
Mest'=1989-01-01=Enraged, a teacher murders a young female pupil. Over the years, another boy is bred for one sole purpose: to avenge his sister’s death.
侍=1965-01-03=February 17 to March 3, 1860, inside Edo castle. A group of assassins wait by Sakurada Gate to kill the lord of the House of Ii, a powerful man in the Tokugawa government, which has ruled Japan for 300 years. They suspect a traitor in their midst, and their suspicions fall on Niiro, an impoverished ronin who dreams of samurai status, and Kurihara, an aristocratic samurai who befriends Niiro. Niiro longs to identify his father, knowing he is a high-ranking official who will disclose himself only if Niiro achieves samurai status. With American ships in Japan's harbors, cynicism among the assassins, and change in the air, Niiro resolves to reach ends that may prove ephemeral.
The Challenge... A Tribute to Modern Art=1974-12-05=1974 American documentary film directed by Herbert Kline, narrated by Orson Welles.
Kommissarie Späck=2010-06-04=A dead body is found and police detective Mårten Späck draws the conclusion that a serial suicide killer is at large.
Murphy's Romance=1985-12-25=Emma is a divorced woman with a teen aged boy who moves into a small town and tries to make a go of a horse ranch. Murphy is the town druggist who steers business her way. Things are going along predictably until her ex husband shows up, needing a place to stay. The three of them form an intricate circle, Emma's son liking Murphy, but desperately wanting his father back.
Stand by for Action=1942-12-31=U. S. Navy Lieutenant Gregg Masterman, of The Harvard and Boston Back Bay Mastermans, learned about the sea while winning silver cups sailing his yacht. He climbs swiftly in rank, and is now Junior Aide to Rear Admiral Stephen Thomas.
Good bye, Lenin!=2003-02-09=An affectionate and refreshing East/West-Germany comedy about a boy who’s mother was in a coma while the Berlin wall fell and when she wakes up he must try to keep her from learning what happen (since she was an avid communist supporter) to avoid shocking her which could lead to another heart attack.
Distance=2001-05-26=Four people make an annual pilgrimage to a spot in the mountains where a cult group lived. Three years previously, the cult had put a genetically engineered virus in the water supply. The idea apparently was to kill off everyone in Japan and then repopulate it with cult members. The virus killed a few people and poisoned thousands, but instead of living and taking over, most of the cult members died.
Il grande racket=1976-08-12=Nico Palmieri is a police inspector who battles against hoodlums terrorising a sleepy Italian village, extorting cash from the locals.
Boogeyman 3=2008-10-17=When a college student witnesses the alleged suicide of her roommate, it sets into motion a series of horrific events that cause her to fear the supernatural entity. As she tries to convince the rest of her dorm that the Boogeyman does exist, the evil force grows stronger and her friends begin to pay the price. Now she must stop this ultimate evil before the entire campus falls prey.
The Prodigies=2011-06-07=NYC, Central Park, 2010. Five young teenagers are violently assaulted. But they’re not your average teenagers… they’re prodigies. The trauma of the assault incites them to lash out against the world in a cold and calculating way. The five chillingly brilliant minds come together to concoct a perfect revenge. The only person aware of the pending doom is Jimbo Farrar, a sixth prodigy, who has gathered them. As long as he fights against his five counterparts with all his might, there’s hope for the world. But should he turn over to their side, it’s only a matter of time before a disaster of apocalyptic proportions ensues…
The Last Time You Had Fun=2015-04-07=When Ida, cheeks streaked by mascara tears, unexpectedly shows up at her sister's, the staid Alison bargains her way out of mom duty for the night and the two head off to an Eastside wine bar. There, they run into Will and the freshly divorced, sweatpants-attired Clark. After some slightly inebriated commiserating about mismanaged marriages and other adult concerns, the foursome head out into the night, careening from downtown lofts to pot dispensaries to midnight swims and back again, determined to prove they still have what it takes to have a good time.
Man Of The Century=1999-10-29=Fantasy-comedy about a young man who lives as if it is 1928 or so, and his encounters with modern-day women and modern-day criminals.
One Chance=2013-09-09=This film follows the remarkable and inspirational true story of Paul Potts, a shy, bullied shop assistant by day and an amateur opera singer by night.
Louis Theroux: America's Most Dangerous Pets=2011-10-29=The programme follows Theroux as he travels to the United States to meet people who own animals normally found in Africa and Asia, including big cats and dangerous primates. In the programme, Theroux visits GW Exotic Animal Foundation in Oklahoma.
L=2012-01-23=A man lives in his car. He’s 40 and separated from his wife and kids, who live in a different car. They meet in parking lots. A professional driver, the man delivers honey to a narcoleptic man and often dreams of his friend, who was killed when a hunter mistook him for a bear. Frequently late delivering honey, the man is fired, and his driving skills are questioned. Thrust into existential uncertainty, he abandons “car life” and joins a rogue motorbike gang.
Runaway Train=1985-11-15=A hardened convict and a younger prisoner escape from a brutal prison in the middle of winter only to find themselves on an out-of-control train with a female railway worker while being pursued by the vengeful head of security.
Garbo Talks=1984-10-12=A New York accountant (Ron Silver) sets out to grant his dying mother's last wish--to meet film star Greta Garbo. Sidney Lumet's bittersweet 1984 comedy also stars Anne Bancroft, Catherine Hicks, Carrie Fisher, Harvey Fierstein, Howard Da Silva, Steven Hill, Hermione Gingold, Dorothy Loudon and Betty Comden.
Days of Wine and Roses=1962-12-26="An alcoholic falls in love with and gets married to a young woman, whom he systematically addicts to booze so they can share his ""passion"" together."
Death and Cremation=2010-06-15=In a typical American suburb filled with middle class morals, a lonely 59-year-old, Stan, contributes to society by offering cremation services from his basement. In fact, Stan murders neighbors he perceives to be social bullies. Jarod, a fatherless 17-year-old high school outcast, lands an after-school job in Stan's cremation house and the two develop an unusual working relationship that quickly evolves into a partnership. As detective Matt Fairchild puts together clues from local disappearances, Stan must decide if protecting his newfound trainee is worth killing for.
Louis Theroux's African Hunting Holiday=2008-02-10=Louis goes to South Africa where American tourists pay to hunt wild animals in privately owned reserves.
Her Crowning Glory=1911-09-11=A widower becomes infatuated with his daughter's governess, to the displeasure of the child and her nurse.
High Noon=2009-04-04=Expert hostage negotiator Lieutenant Phoebe McNamara juggles her high-pressure career with the demands of raising her young daughter and contending with her agoraphobic mother, Essie. When Phoebe meets handsome bar owner Duncan Swift, he can’t resist her take-charge attitude and attempts to earn her affections.
Still Mine=2012-09-10=An elderly couple fight against local authorities in rural New Brunswick to build their final home.
Bill Hicks: Revelations=1993-05-27=Since his untimely death from pancreatic cancer in 1994, Bill Hicks has become a comedy legend. Now fans who may have never had the opportunity to see his act live on-stage will finally be able to experience Hicks' unique and confrontational brand of comedy.
Bill Cosby: Himself=1983-05-20=A 1983 stand-up comedy film featuring the comedy of Bill Cosby. Filmed before a live audience at the Hamilton Place Theatre, in Hamilton, Ontario. Cosby gives his comedic views on people who drink too much and take drugs, going to the dentist, marriage and parenthood.
White Banners=1938-06-23=A homeless woman named Hannah drifts into the lives of the kindly Ward family, in a small Indiana town in 1919. Hannah makes herself useful as a cook and housekeeper and stays with the Wards... but her real interest is in meeting their neighbor, teenager Peter Trimble. It turns out that Peter is the son she bore out of wedlock and gave up for adoption, and now Hannah has returned to town to see what sort of young man her son has become.
Rocky II=1979-06-15="After Rocky goes the distance with champ Apollo Creed, both try to put the fight behind them and move on. Rocky settles down with Adrian but can't put his life together outside the ring, while Creed seeks a rematch to restore his reputation. Soon enough, the ""Master of Disaster"" and the ""Italian Stallion"" are set on a collision course for a climactic battle that is brutal and unforgettable."
Cadillac Man=1990-05-18=Joe's a car salesman with a problem. He has two days to sell 12 cars or he loses his job. This would be a difficult task at the best of times but Joe has to contend with his girlfriends (he's two timing), a missing teenage daughter and an ex-wife. What more could go wrong ?.. a lot, enter a crazy jealous husband with a machine gun...
Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola=2013-01-11=Harry is an industrialist who loves his daughter Bijlee, and the bond they share with Harry's man friday, Matru. Bijlee's plan to wed the son of a politician, however, brings twists and turns in the lives of Matru, Bijlee and Mandola.
В тумане=2012-11-22=Western frontiers of the USSR, 1942. The region is under German occupation. A man is wrongly accused of collaboration. Desperate to save his dignity, he faces an impossible moral choice.
I Start Counting=1970-10-27=Jenny Agutter plays Wynne, an adopted 14-year-old girl who has a crush on her 32-year-old stepbrother, George, played by Bryan Marshall. While spying on George in the bathroom, Wynne notices George has several scratches on his back, and finds a bloody sweater she made for him that he threw in the trash, which leads her to suspect George of being the serial killer of several local teenage girls, who is still at large. Despite this belief, Wynne continues to have romantic sexual fantasies about George and dreams of marrying him when she comes of legal age.
Oltre il guado=2013-06-21=After a wildlife biologist (Marco Marchese) becomes trapped on the wrong side of the river while collecting data, he comes across an abandoned village. Taking shelter, he begins to suspect he may be sharing the grounds with more than just boar and deer.
All the Rage=1999-09-11=A rich cross-section of urban USA find their lives changed when their fates collide at gunpoint.
War Made Easy: How Presidents & Pundits Keep Spinning Us to Death=2007-08-23=War Made Easy reaches into the Orwellian memory hole to expose a 50-year pattern of government deception and media spin that has dragged the United States into one war after another from Vietnam to Iraq. revealing in stunning detail how the American news media have uncritically disseminated the pro-war messages of successive presidential administrations.
Taxi 2=2000-03-24=A cabdriver and a cop race to Paris to rescue a love interest and the Japanese minister of defense from kidnappers.
Perry Mason: The Case of the Lady in the Lake=1988-05-15=A woman suddenly disappears after an early morning walk, and her husband is accused of murder.
Hercules and the Amazon Women=1994-04-24="Hercules and Iolaus take time out from Iolaus' wedding preparations, to help a distant village under attack from ""monsters"". When they reach their destination, they find the monsters are in fact Amazonian women who are controlled by Hera. ""Hercules and the Amazon Women"" is the first movie-length pilot episode of the television series ""Hercules: The Legendary Journeys""."
Shockproof=1949-01-25=A parole officer falls in love with the ex-con who was his charge.
Dio, sei proprio un padreterno!=1973-11-23=There's trouble in Frankie Diomede's criminal empire in Genoa. A French gangster has moved into his territory, so he flies home to take care of business. He promptly has himself arrested so that he'll have the perfect alibi when the bodies start piling up. But it turns out his enemies have enough juice to keep him in prison, his associates start dying and the attempts on his life start. Cue Tony Breda, a wannabe wiseguy, who has a plan to spring Frankie from jail.
Ďáblova past=1962-01-01=A small town is one day visited by a priest who is there on a secret mission. He is a member of the Inquisition sent to investigate the activities of a local miller. The miller and his son are the descendants of an old family whose ancestral home burned down a century ago, but was rebuilt from scratch. The miller inherited much of his knowledge about the land, water, and a building's stability from generations of family experience. His reputation for finding water and predicting when a structure might collapse have come to the attention of the Inquisition -surely he must be in league with the Devil.
Cry-Baby=1990-04-05=A prim and proper schoolgirl goes against her mother's wishes when she dates a motorcycle-riding juvenile delinquent.
FairyTale: A True Story=1997-01-01=Two children in 1917 take a photograph, believed by some to be the first scientific evidence of the existence of fairies. Based on a true story
Greg Fitzsimmons: Life on Stage=2013-08-18=Comedy Central Special Released 18th of August 2013.  Life On The Stage finds Greg back in his hometown of Tarrytown, NY to give a cutting standup set of twisted life advice. Nothing is off-limits in his advice for getting older, and stories of his life on and off stage.
Sidekicks=1992-12-17=Barry is an asthmatic kid having trouble in life. He lives with his father, a computer programmer, in Texas. Barry is struggling to get by in life, dealing with his rough school life, bullies, as well as his health. Barry's only source of enjoyment is fantasizing that he is with Chuck Norris. Barry becomes sick of getting picked on by the bigger guys, and decides to learn karate.
Pries parskrendant i zeme=2005-10-10=A short documentary about a hospital ward for children with leukemia in Lithuania.
Legion of the Black=2012-12-21="""Legion of the Black"" tells the visual story of Black Veil Brides upcoming album ""Wretched and Divine"".The film follows a group of rebels known as ""The Wild Ones"" as they defend their hearts, minds and bodies against F.E.A.R"
Un prophète=2009-08-26=Sentenced to six years in prison, Malik El Djebena (Tahar Rahim) is alone in the world and can neither read nor write. On his arrival at the prison, he seems younger and more brittle than the others detained there. At once he falls under the sway of a group of Corsicans who enforce their rule in the prison. As the 'missions' go by, he toughens himself and wins the confidence of the Corsican group.
The Jackal=1997-11-14=Hired by a powerful member of the Russian mafia to avenge an FBI sting that left his brother dead, the perfectionist Jackal proves an elusive target for the men charged with the task of bringing him down: a deputy FBI boss and a former IRA terrorist.
Small Town Saturday Night=2010-05-31="Just days before Rhett (Chris Pine) is leaving for Nashville to pursue a lifelong dream of being a singer/songwriter, his girlfriend Samantha (Bre Blair) realizes that ""his"" future may not be ""their"" future. This news comes as a shock to Rhett, and he is faced with having to choose between following his dream and staying in his hometown in order to be with the woman he loves."
Blood, Sweat + Vinyl: DIY in the 21st Century=2011-10-08=This captivating documentary is the product of five years of obsessive filming of live concert footage, exclusive interviews, and historic documentation focusing on three fiercely independent music labels and their bands.  Featuring Neurosis, ISIS, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, Pelican, Oxbow, Evangelista, Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra, Cave In, and many others whose music and art found ideal homes in the artist-run record labels of Hydra Head, Neurot, and Constellation.  These labels combine hard-to-define, heavy music with a visual aesthetic that has enraptured worldwide fans, without the need for radio or corporate media outlets. They uphold the legacy of treating music as an art form, not as a product.  This film is an answer to those who question where the spirit of punk rock is today.
Viento negro=1964-01-02=The building of a railroad under tough conditions from searing heat to freezing cold in the Sonora desert provokes clashes of passion and struggles between the engineers and the workers at the campsite. The workers also contend with sudden dust storms that are called the 'black wind'.
The Flight of the Phoenix=1965-12-15=A cargo plane goes down in a sandstorm in the Sahara with less than a dozen men on board. One of the passengers is an airplane designer who comes up with the idea of ripping off the undamaged wing and using it as the basis for an airplane they will build to escape before their food and water run out.
The Prizefighter and the Lady=1933-11-10=An ex-sailor turned boxer finds romance and gets a shot at the heavyweight title.
Mortal Kombat: The Journey Begins=1995-08-28=The heroes from the hard-hitting MORTAL KOMBAT video game explode onto the screen in this pulse-pounding animated action-adventure video. Discover the origin of your favorite character as Sonya Blade, Johnny Cage and Liu Kang travel to a mystical land to fight Shang Tsung and Goro for their honor, their lives and for the whole human race in a tournament called Mortal Kombat !  Loaded with wall-to-wall action, this revolutionary video features sensational never-before-seen special effects and awesome computer animation so real you won't believe your eyes.
The Man in Grey=1943-08-06=Melodrama about two girls whose fortunes run on very different paths.
The Goddess of 1967=2000-09-08="A rich young Japanese man (Rikiya Kurokawa) travels to Australia with the intention of buying a Citroën DS car (the goddess of the film's title - nicknamed the Déesse, after its initials in French, déesse being French for ""goddess"") that he has found for sale on the net. Once there things do not quite go to plan and he ends up on a road journey with a blind girl (Rose Byrne)."
Child of God=2014-04-28=A dispossessed, violent man's life is a disastrous attempt to exist outside the social order. Successively deprived of parents and homes and with few other ties, Ballard descends to the level of a cave dweller as he falls deeper into crime and degradation.
De Poolse bruid=1998-03-26=Drama on the dawning love between a Polish woman and a farmer. Anna is forced to work in a brothel, but manages to escape. She's found, exhausted and scared, by Henk (the farmer) who offers her a place to stay, but her past chases her.
Impulse=1984-09-28=After a small earthquake in a small and quiet town, local citizens start to have a bizarre, violent and self-destructive behavior...
L'ora legale=2017-01-19=A small Sicilian town elects a new, honest major but quickly learns that playing by the rules is not as easy as it seems
Only Daughter=2013-03-02=Raised by a single mother in a rural New Hampshire town, 18-year-old Dawn Cowley sets out to find the father she has never known and discovers the devastating secret that had torn her family apart.
Frankenstein and the Monster from Hell=1973-03-31=Dr Simon Helder, sentenced to an insane asylum for crimes against humanity, recognises its director as the brilliant Baron Frankenstein, the man whose work he had been trying to emulate before his imprisonment. Frankenstein utilises Helder's medical knowledge for a project he has been working on for some time. He is assembling a man from vital organs extracted from various inmates in the asylum. And the Baron will resort to murder to acquire the perfect specimens for his most ambitious project ever.
Appleseed Alpha=2014-05-28=Based on the comic book by the creator of Ghost in the Shell, a young female soldier Deunan and her cyborg partner Briareos survive through the post World War 3 apocalyptic New York in search of human's future hope, the legendary city of Olympus.
Slow Burn=2000-11-01=The murder of the ex-wife of Doctor Sam Charney (Rutger Hauer) leads Detective Della Wilder (Pam Grier) to uncover a series of women's murders somehow linked to a big pharmaceutical company.
Gracie=2007-06-01=This is the story of a teenager named Gracie Bowen, who lives in South Orange, New Jersey, is crazy about soccer, as are her three brothers and former soccer star father. Although Gracie wants to join her brothers and father in the nightly practices, she is discouraged by everyone except her elder brother, Johnny. Her father does not believe that girls should play soccer and tells her that she is neither tough enough nor talented enough to play with the boys team. Undeterred, Gracie finds reserves of strength she never knew existed, and persists in changing everyone's beliefs in what she is capable of, including her own. She faces an uphill battle when she fights to give women the opportunity to play competitive soccer. But as the beautiful and strong person that she has always been but she also brings her family together in the face of their own tragedy.
Love Camp 7=1969-10-04=Two female Army agents go undercover at a Nazi prison camp to get information from a scientist being held there.
Sirens=1993-10-01=In 1930s Australia, Anglican clergyman Anthony Campion and his prim wife, Estella, are asked to visit noted painter Norman Lindsay, whose planned contribution to an international art exhibit is considered blasphemous. While Campion and Lindsay debate, Estella finds herself drawn to the three beautiful models sitting for the painter's current work, freethinking Sheela, sensual Pru and virginal Giddy.
Bajarse al moro=1989-04-11=A girl, who lives together with her cousin who earns some money by dealing and her boyfriend who is a policeman, is regularly transporting some drugs from Marocco for her cousin. As all of them smoke grass from time to time there is need for more. Deciding to take a friend of hers who has just left home down to Marocco for a transport she gets problems because it is the first time for her friend and this makes it difficult. But as all are very open minded there is no problem they would not try to solve. Written by Volker Boehm
Elevator Movie=2004-08-22=Jim is a shy, withdrawn loner, pervert, and virgin. Lana is a friendly and outgoing born again Christian who has renounced her promiscuous drug filled past. They have never met until they step into an elevator together one day. The elevator gets stuck between floors, and they start to get to know each other...
Lucky Jordan=1942-11-16=A gangster (Alan Ladd) escapes from boot camp with a canteen girl (Helen Walker) and finds his gang's new boss (Sheldon Leonard) helping Nazi spies.
Play Dirty=1969-01-01=The Dirty Dozen meet the Stiff Upper Lip. A British Petroleum executive (Michael Caine) is assigned to work with the British Army in North Africa handling port duties for incoming fuels.
Miracle on 34th Street=1994-11-18=A little girl discovers dreams can come true if you really believe. Six-year-old Susan Walker has doubts about childhood's most enduring miracle - Santa Claus. Her mother told her the 'secret' about Santa a long time ago. But after meeting a special department store Santa who's convinced he's the real thing, Susan is given the most precious gift of all something to believe in.
Annie: A Royal Adventure=1995-11-18=Annie is back! Along with her friends Molly, Hannah, her dog Sandy, and her wealthy father Oliver Warbucks. They take a trip to England where Oliver Warbucks is going to be Knighted by the King. Annie and the gang stumbles onto a wicked scheme led by an evil noblewoman who plans to blow up Buckingham Palace so she can become Queen and claim the throne for herself! And now it is up to Annie and her friends to stop her!
پذیرایی ساده=2012-02-13=This twisted Iranian narrative follows a mysterious couple from Tehran as they distribute large bags of money in an impoverished mountain border town. Beginning as a black comedy, the film's mood transforms as the games played by Kaveh (director Mani Haghighi) and Leyla (Taraneh Alidoosti) become increasingly perverse, as they find inventive ways of humiliating the recipients of the cash. The immorality of the central characters is at times sickening, and their chain of lies is often as puzzling to us as they are to the townsfolk depicted onscreen. What is the relationship between the pair and why are they giving away money to the needy? Modest Reception has no easy answers nor pat resolutions - instead Haghighi takes the viewer on an intriguing ride into the dark recesses of the human spirit.
Pink Ulysses=1990-02-13=An actor prepares, removing his shirt to iron it. All shirts stay off. In a mix of black and white, colour, and old film clips, a homoerotic odyssey begins. Troy is sacked, and Odysseus starts his languorous journey back to Penelope and Telemachos, who wait in Ithaca. Odysseus dreams: young well-muscled men roll on sheets, hands remove flowers to disclose a sculpted torso. The ship tosses Odysseus; gobs sleep in hammocks; a storm beats down and a life boat seeks a strand. Circe, disguised as Penelope, seduces Odysseus; he stays with her for seven years. In Ithaca, Penelope and her suitors are impatient. Will Odysseus arrive before the film crew breaks for lunch?
Racing Dreams=2010-05-14=From go-kart champs, NASCAR winners are bred -- or so goes the thinking of the drivers (and their families) involved in the World Karting Association's National Pavement Series. This documentary follows three of the series' top contenders. Although small in stature, the adolescent racers harbor big dreams as they hit speeds of 60 to 70 miles per hour in their quest to ascend the first rung on their way to NASCAR in this film from Marshall Curry.
Pumpkin Pie Wars=2016-10-15=Competing bakery owners, Faye McKenzie and Lydia Harper have been feuding for years with the  Lake Shore County Harvest Festival’s annual pumpkin pie bake-off at the center of it all. The winner not only gets bragging rights and a trophy, but a substantial boost to her business, as well. This year, however, the women are passing the torch to their respective children, Casey and Sam, and when romantic sparks fly between them, this bake-off promises to be one to remember.
The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking=1988-07-06="After her father's ship is carried off by a sudden storm, the spunky Pippi Longstocking is stranded with her horse, Alfonso,and her pet monkey, Mr. Neilson, and takes up residence in the old family home, which is thought by neighborhood children to be haunted. Soon, two children, Tommy and his sister Anika, venture into the house only to meet up with Pippi. The three soon become friends and get into various adventures together, including cleaning the floor with scrubbing shoes, dodging the ""splunks"", going down a waterfall in barrels, and helping Pippi with the problem of having to go to an orphanage. Older children will probably get the most out of this movie."
Honeymoon in Bali=1939-09-29=Bill Burnett, a resident of Bali, visits New York City, meets and falls in love with Gail Allen, the successful manager of a Fifth Avenue shop, who is determined to remain free and independent. Bill proposes, Gail declines and Bill goes home to Bali. But a young girl, Rosie, and Tony the Window Cleaner, who dispels advice on every floor, soon have Gail thinking maybe she was a bit hasty with her no to Bill's proposal. Ere long she discovers that she does love Bill and can't live without him. She goes down to Bali to give him the good news. He learns that he is soon to marry Noel Van Ness. She goes back to New York City.
Ghulam=1998-06-19="Sidharth (Aamir Khan), is a Mumbai 'Tapori' and a boxing champion. His elder brother, Jai (Rajat Kapoor) works with Raunak Singh (Sharad Saxena), who now rules their ""Basti"" through terrorising its people and collecting 'Hafta' from local merchants. Sidharth idolized his father, a freedom fighter, whom he saw falling to his death as a child. This effects Sidharth through his adult life. Sidharth meets a young girl, Alisha (Ranee Mukherjee), who rides with a motorcycle gang and Charlie (Deepak Tijori), the gang leader. Sidharth also meets Hari, whose idealism reminds him of his father. Hari's social work in the community possess a threat to Raunak Singh's evil empire. What happens to Hari changes Sidharth's life forever. How Sidharth breaks Raunak Singh's chains of 'Ghulami' around the community forms the crux of the story. Featuring the superhit song ""Aati Kya Khandala"" sung by Aamir Khan."
What Women Want=2000-12-15=Advertising executive Nick Marshall is as cocky as they come, but what happens to a chauvinistic guy when he can suddenly hear what women are thinking? Nick gets passed over for a promotion, but after an accident enables him to hear women's thoughts, he puts his newfound talent to work against Darcy, his new boss, who seems to be infatuated with him.
Paulette=2013-01-16=Paulette lives alone in a housing project in the Paris suburbs. With her meager pension, she can no longer make ends meet.
Seng fat dak ging=1988-09-22=A cop (Waise Lee) is losing the control of his right hand and cannot pull the trigger on time anymore. Before any accident happens, he decides to resign. Meanwhile his friend and informer is brutally murdered in Malaysia. Before leaving the force, he decides to find the killers with the help of his buddy, a young cop and an inspector from Kuala Lumpur.
San Francisco 2.0=2015-09-28=San Francisco has long enjoyed a reputation as the counterculture capital of America, attracting bohemians, mavericks, progressives and activists. With the onset of the digital gold rush, young members of the tech elite are flocking to the West Coast to make their fortunes, and this new wealth is forcing San Francisco to reinvent itself. But as tech innovations lead America into the golden age of digital supremacy, is it changing the heart and soul of their adopted city?
Maria Chapdelaine=1934-12-14=A young woman has three suitors on her father's logging ranch on the Quebec frontier.
Тряпичный союз=2015-12-30="The life of quiet teenager Vanya suddenly change after he meets a three young men who call themselves ""Rag Union""."
Killing Daddy=2014-07-05=Cassie Ross is scarred by the suicide of her mother, which occurred when Cassie was a child. She is convinced that her father was to blame for her mother's death. Cassie's older sister, Laura, has always sided with their father, so for years Cassie has been estranged from her family. When Cassie discovers that her father has had a debilitating stroke, she sees it as the perfect opportunity to return home and seek justice for her mother. Confiding in her mute and helpless father her plans to destroy her sister and stepmother and ultimately kill him, Cassie sets out on her path to destroy her broken family and take all of their riches. But Cassie's revenge won't come as easy as she thinks as hidden truths about her family may derail her entire plan.
ヱヴァンゲリヲン新劇場版:Q=2012-11-17="14 years after third impact, Ikari Shinji awakens to a world he does not remember. He hasn't aged. Much of Earth is laid in ruins, Nerv has been dismantled, and people who he once protected have turned against him. Befriending the enigmatic Nagisa Kaworu, Shinji continues the fight against the angels and realizes the fighting is far from over, even when it could be against his former allies. The characters' struggles continue amidst the battles against the angels and each other, spiraling down to what could inevitably be the end of the world.  The film was retitled ""Evangelion: 3.33"" for its DVD/Blu-Ray release."
Offerings=1989-01-01=Ten years after he was pushed down a well, a young man kills off the neighborhood bullies who tormented him and leaves their body parts as presents for the one girl who was kind to him.
The Quiet Ones=2014-04-01=A university student and some classmates are recruited to carry out a private experiment -- to create a poltergeist. Their subject: an alluring, but dangerously disturbed young woman. Their quest: to explore the dark energy that her damaged psyche might manifest. As the experiment unravels along with their sanity, the rogue PHD students, led by their determined professor, are soon confronted with a terrifying reality: they have triggered an unspeakable force with a power beyond all explanation.
Lana Turner... a Daughter's Memoir=2001-01-01=A rare behind the scenes look at the tragedies and bitter disappointments that plagued one of MGM's most popular leading ladies
Andersonville=1996-03-03=This lengthy docudrama records the harrowing conditions at the Confederacy's most notorious prisoner-of-war camp. The drama unfolds through the eyes of a company of Union soldiers captured at the Battle of Cold Harbor, VA, in June 1864, and shipped to the camp in southern Georgia. A private, Josiah Day, and his sergeant  try to hold their company together in the face of squalid living conditions, inhumane punishments, and a gang of predatory fellow prisoners called the Raiders.
South Central=1992-09-18=A man is put to prison for 10 years. Coming out of prison he wants to live a normal life and stop with crime but his son has yet followed the criminal path of his father.
Further Adventures of the Wilderness Family=1978-11-15=The Wilderness Family now face terrifying times in fierce winter storms, an avalanche, and being attacked by a ferocious pack of hungry wolves. Watch as America's favorite family stands strong together to prove that the best things in life are really free.
Independence Day: Resurgence=2016-06-22=We always knew they were coming back. Using recovered alien technology, the nations of Earth have collaborated on an immense defense program to protect the planet. But nothing can prepare us for the aliens’ advanced and unprecedented force. Only the ingenuity of a few brave men and women can bring our world back from the brink of extinction.
The Naughty Flirt=1931-01-11=Coquettish socialite Kay Elliott has set her cap for Alan Ward, an associate in her father's law firm. But while pursuing Alan, she must fend off the advances of a greedy fortune-hunter, who is aided and abetted by his equally voracious sister.
The Paw Project=2013-09-27=This is a David and Goliath story of one veterinarian's battle to protect her patients (tigers, lions and even house cats) from big corporations, with their big corporate money, that will shamelessly do anything to animals to increase their bottom line. She starts a grassroots movement that is fueled by passion, but appears to be losing the battle. Then, unexpectedly, she realizes that the corporations accidentally left her a giant loophole. In a scramble to take advantage of this unforeseen gift, she leads the crusade passing legislation protecting animals from de-clawing in seven cities in just six weeks.
Schwarze Sonne: Mythologische Hintergründe des Nationalsozialismus=1998-01-01=A historical analysis of how groups such as the Nazi’s may use language, symbols, and religious connotation in order to come to power. It raises questions that deserve in depth analysis and consideration. Questions include: Where do legends expand our thinking and where do they bury it? When does spiritual pursuit suddenly turn into fanaticism and violence? Last, have we as a society learned from our past, and if so have forgotten the lessons of the 20th Century? Are we now embarking on a new level only to learn the same old lessons about humanity again?  In addressing these questions we are taken into the back drop of the history of Germany beginning in the late 1800’s through the late 20th Century at the eve of the 21st.  “A society that does not take archetypes, myths, and symbols seriously will possibly be jumped by them from behind.”
No Blade of Grass=1970-10-23=A strange new virus has appeared, which only attacks strains of grasses such as wheat and rice, and the world is descending into famine and chaos. Architect John, along with his family and friends, is making his way from London to his brother's farm in northern England where there will hopefully be food and safety for all of them.  Adaptation of John Christopher's novel The Death of Grass (1956)
Night at the Museum=2006-10-20=Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse, awakening Attila the Hun, an army of gladiators, a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits. Larry tries desperately to keep the museum under control, but he's fighting a losing battle until President Teddy Roosevelt comes to the rescue.
The Company She Keeps=1951-01-27=A lady con artist sets out to steal her parole officer's fiance.
The Kiss=1929-01-01=The Kiss is a 1929 drama film directed by Jacques Feyder and starring Greta Garbo, Conrad Nagel and Lew Ayres in his first feature film. This film is known for being both MGM's and Greta Garbo's last silent film.
G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra=2009-08-04=From the Egyptian desert to deep below the polar ice caps, the elite G.I. JOE team uses the latest in next-generation spy and military equipment to fight the corrupt arms dealer Destro and the growing threat of the mysterious Cobra organization to prevent them from plunging the world into chaos.
Film Socialisme=2010-05-17=A symphony in three movements. Things such as a Mediterranean cruise, numerous conversations, in numerous languages, between the passengers, almost all of whom are on holiday... Our Europe. At night, a sister and her younger brother have summoned their parents to appear before the court of their childhood. The children demand serious explanations of the themes of Liberty, Equality and Fraternity. Our humanities. Visits to six sites of true or false myths: Egypt, Palestine, Odessa, Hellas, Naples and Barcelona.
The Heart of the Game=2005-01-01=The Heart of the Game captures the passion and energy of a Seattle high school girls' basketball team as they strive to win the state championship, the eccentricity of their unorthodox coach, and the incredible true story of one player's fight to play the game she loves.
Tu dors Nicole=2014-08-22=Making the most of the family home while her parents are away, 22-year-old Nicole is enjoying a peaceful summer with her best friend Véronique. But when Nicole’s older brother shows up with his band to record an album, the girls’ friendship is put to the test.
Glyanets=2007-08-23=A pretty, young girl from a coal-mining town comes to Moscow with dreams of becoming a supermodel in this satirical look at the fashion industry.
妙探雙龍=1989-11-18=Cindy is an American FBI agent who is currently in Hong Kong seeking arch-criminal Kent Tong. In order to bring down Tong and his criminal organization, she teams up with local HK cops David and Johnny.
Sissi - Die junge Kaiserin=1956-12-18=Sissi is now the empress of Austria and attempts to learn etiquette. While she is busy being empress she also has to deal with her difficult new mother-in-law, while the arch-duchess Sophie is trying to tell the emperor how to rule and also Sissi how to be a mother.
Brother Can You Spare A Dime=1975-08-06=A nostalgic look back at the Great Depression with contemporary archival footage and film clips picturing James Cagney as an American Everyman.
Only the Young=2012-05-01=Kevin and Garrison are boyhood friends in a sleepy California suburb. They share a love of skateboarding, an evangelical Christian faith and a sense of confusion about romantic relationships.
A Tale of Two Thieves=2014-04-12=In 1963 in the countryside in England, fifteen men pulled off 'The Great Train Robbery' netting today's equivalent of $85million. This incredible film features Gordon Goody, one of the instigators of the crime, for the first time ever, revealing the identity of the missing mastermind behind Britain's most famous heist- the elusive and mysterious 'Ulsterman'.
Anatomie de l'enfer=2004-01-28="A man rescues a woman from a suicide attempt in a gay nightclub. Walking the streets together, she propositions him: She'll pay him to visit her at her isolated house for four consecutive nights. There he will silently watch her. He's reluctant, but agrees. As the four nights progress, they become more intimate with each other, and a mutual fascination/revulsion develops. By the end of the four-day ""contract"", these two total strangers will have had a profound impact on each other."
Psychopathia Sexualis=2006-06-08=Multi-narrative adaptation of Richard v. Krafft-Ebing's notorious medico-forensic study of sexual perversity.
The Captive=2014-06-10=Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance.
Conagher=1991-07-01=Mrs. Evie Teale is struggling to stay alive while raising her two children alone on a remote homestead. Conn Conagher is a honest, hardworking cowboy. Their lives are intertwined as they fight the elements, indians, outlaws, and loneliness.
Operazione paura=1966-07-08=An 18th century European village is haunted by the ghost of a murderous little girl.
Uchûjin Tôkyô ni arawaru=1956-01-29=The citizens of Tokyo panic when they see UFOs in the sky. The aliens are benign, however, and have come to warn of a meteor on a collision course with Earth. As the meteor approaches, the Earth's atmosphere begins to heat up, and mankind must race to construct a weapon to destroy it.
C.H.U.D. II: Bud the Chud=1989-05-05=A military experiment to create a race of super-warriors go awry, and legions of murderous zombies are unleased upon a surburan neighborhood.
Kung Fu Killer=2008-08-17=China is in unrest, as the Republic falls prey to Warlords like Kahn Xin, who holds an entire province hostage to the opium trade—and destroys all who oppose him. Only the revered Wudang monks dare stand in Kahn’s way in order to protect the very soul of China. Among them is the Westerner, White Crane, a spiritual master of the martial arts and protector of the innocent. Revenge is not in Crane’s heart—until a mercenary army storms the temple and slaughters the beloved female Grandmaster Myling. Out of the ashes of the temple ruins, Crane rises—with vengeance in his heart. Crane comes upon Jane Marshall, a New York lounge singer and her gangster boss Bingo Quo. But it’s Bingo’s dangerous professional ties to Kahn that draw both Crane and Jane deep into the Warlord’s lair. Now torn between the spiritual Wudang teaching and the cold-blooded life of an assassin, Crane is about the cross the fine line between justice and revenge.
Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure=2009-09-03=A blue harvest moon will rise, allowing the fairies to use a precious moonstone to restore the Pixie Dust Tree, the source of all their magic. But when Tinker Bell accidentally puts all of Pixie Hollow in jeopardy, she must venture out across the sea on a secret quest to set things right.
Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2=2004-08-27=Following on from the plot of the last movie, babies can communicate with each other using 'baby talk', and have an innate knowledge of the secrets of the universe. The baby geniuses become involved in a scheme by media mogul Bill Biscane (Jon Voight). Helping the geniuses is a legendary superbaby named Kahuna. He joins up with several other babies in an attempt to stop Biscane, who intends to use a state-of-the-art satellite system to control the world's population.
PiCNiC=1996-06-15=Believing that the world will end that very day, three mental patients Coco, Tsumuji, and Satoru set out upon a journey. Walking upon the tops of the walls of the city, they seek to find a picnic spot with the best vantage point to view the final event.
Lies My Father Told Me=1975-09-26=A Jewish boy grows up in 1920s Montreal with a grandfather who tells stories and a father who won't work.
The Wipers Times=2013-09-11="When Captain Fred Roberts discovered a printing press in the ruins of Ypres, Belgium in 1916, he decided to publish a satirical magazine called The Wipers Times - ""Wipers"" being army slang for Ypres. Full of gallows humour, The Wipers Times was poignant, subversive and very funny. Produced literally under enemy fire and defying both authority and gas attacks, the magazine proved a huge success with the troops on the western front. It was, above all, a tribute to the resilience of the human spirit in the face of overwhelming adversity. In his spare time, Roberts also managed to win the Military Cross for gallantry."
How to Marry a Millionaire=1953-10-29=Three women set out to find eligible millionaires to marry, but find true love in the process.
David Lean and His Dedicated Maniacs=2009-10-03="David Lean had great faith in his regular film crew, once saying ""Good films can be made only by a crew of dedicated maniacs"". This is a profile of four of those key men."
Split Image=1982-11-04=An impressionable young man finds himself literally enslaved by a modern-day religious cult. In an effort to bring him back to reality, the boy's parents hire a deprogrammer to kidnap him and return him to his family.
Urban Explorer=2011-09-08=Anxious to explore the mysterious hidden world under metropolitan Berlin, an international group of four urban explorers hires a local guide, Kris, who leads them into the maze of escape tunnels and subterranean fortifications under the city. When their guide has a bad fall, two of the girls in the group frantically set off to seek help while Denis, the young American, stays behind. Armin, a former East German border guard suddenly appears from nowhere. Out of sheer desperation, Denis allows Armin to lead them and their unconscious guide to safety and it is at this moment that Denis realizes he has just made the biggest mistake of his life!
Marley & Me: The Puppy Years=2011-06-01=Fall into puppy love with “the world’s worst dog”, who now has a frisky voice and an attitude to match. Join Marley for his mischievous puppy years, as he and his summer pal, Bodie Grogan, wreak havoc on a neighborhood dog contest. Marley outwits Dobermans, Shepherds and Collies, while stealing hearts in his own unique and lovable way. Get your paws on MARLEY &amp; ME: THE PUPPY YEARS and fetch big laughs for the whole family!
Gente Di Rispetto=1975-10-30=A female school teacher is implicated in a murder in a Sicilian town only hours after her arrival. The dead man insulted her on the bus on the way into town. As the mystery unfolds, it becomes clear that the town is hiding some very sinister secrets.
Archie's Final Project=2009-02-07=A teen coming-of-age romantic dramedy about a media-obsessed geek and the most beautiful and twisted girl in school.
放課後ミッドナイターズ=2012-08-25=Houkago Midnighters is about a human anatomical model that comes to life at midnight in a school.
The Bat=1926-03-14=A masked criminal who dresses like a giant bat terrorizes the guests at an old house rented by a mystery writer.
분홍신=2006-01-20=A woman who finds a pair of pink high heels on a subway platform soon realizes that jealousy, greed, and death follow them wherever they go.
L'Ours=1988-10-21=An orphan bear cub hooks up with an adult male as they try to dodge human hunters.
5 Steps to Danger=1957-01-30=Can a couple keep important secrets from Communist spies?
Moi, Van Gogh=2009-03-25=An artistic view of Van Gogh as if this movie is self narrated by himself.
Obsession=1949-08-03="Dr. Clive Riordan's beautiful-but-flirty wife, ""Storm"", comes home one night in the company of an American diplomat, Bill Kronin. Riordan, obsessed with jealousy, determines to murder his most recent rival and plans, as only a psychiatrist would, to not only kill bill, but to commit the perfect crime in the process."
Hit the Ice=1943-06-02=Flash Fulton (Bud Abbott) and Weejie McCoy (Lou Costello) take pictures of a bank robbery. Lured to the mountain resort hideout of the robbers and accompanied by Dr. Bill Elliott (Patric Knowles) and Peggy Osborn (Elyse Knox), they also meet old friend Johnny Long (Johnny Long) and his band and singer Marcia Manning (Ginny Simms). Dr. Elliott and Peggy are being held in a remote cabin by the robbers, but Weejie rescues them by turning himself into a human snowball that becomes an avalanche that engulfs the crooks.
Hypnotisören=2012-09-28=After a young woman and her parents are murdered by a killer determined to wipe out the entire family, Detective Inspector Joona Linna works with a psychiatrist to hypnotize the son who narrowly escaped death in order to find the one surviving daughter before the murderer does.
L'hypothèse du tableau volé=1978-04-04=Two narrators, one seen and one unseen, discuss possible connections between a series of paintings. The on-screen narrator walks through three-dimensional reproductions of each painting, featuring real people, sometimes moving, in an effort to explain the series' significance.
Troppo forte=1986-01-01=Carlo Verdone at his best is incredibly supported by a fantastic Alberto Sordi and a cast of street-genie non-actors that outperform beyond any imagination.
Hälsoresan=1999-12-25=The film is about the health resort Granhedsgården in Dalarna, Sweden, and they have a problem. They don't have many guests at all and something must be done. At the same time, Stig-Helmer is a little depressed after his girlfriend has left him, and so he lives on junk food. His best friend Ole invites him to come along to the health resort Granhedsgården. Now, the craziness begins.
Jigoku no banken: akai megane=1987-02-07="Summer 1995. With the arrival of the ""Age of Cats"", the former Kerberos police unit is now disbanded. However one member remains, a stray dog who returns to his old roost after a three-years exile. This wild dog no longer has a master, but now the ""Young Lady of Fate"" will guide him on his journey..."
Natural Enemies=1979-11-01=A man hires hires five hookers to fulfill a final fantasy before killing himself and his family.
When a Stranger Calls=2006-02-03=Far away from the site of a gruesome murder, a teenager named Jill Johnson arrives at a luxurious home for a baby-sitting job. With the children fast asleep, she settles in for what she expects to be an ordinary evening. Soon, the ringing of a phone and the frightening words of a sadistic caller turn Jill's routine experience into a night of terror.
Johnny Belinda=1948-09-14=A small-town doctor helps a deaf-mute farm girl learn to communicate.
Calling Dr. Kildare=1939-04-28=Young Dr. Kildare (Lew Ayres) treats a hoodlum for gunshot wounds without telling Dr. Gillespie (Lionel Barrymore).
Olsen-banden ser rødt=1976-10-01="Egon and the gang are hired to stage a robbery of an antique Chinese vase for an economically challenged baron. Naturally they fooled, which infuriates Egon. The gang tries to get back at the baron by switching the vase with a cheap Hong Kong copy. One attempt is made during the barons hunting party, where Egon ends up being bricked up in the catacombs. In another attempt, the gang has to coordinate breaking through several walls at The Royal Theater in Copenhagen with the ""Elverhøj"" overture."
Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber=2015-03-30=Several roasters, and the master himself Kevin Hart, make fun of Justin Bieber.
Relative Strangers=2006-05-01=An uptight professional meets his lower-class biological parents for the first time.
Silent Trigger=1996-06-26=Waxman is a former Special Forces soldier who is now working as a heavily armed assassin for a top secret government agency. When a covert mission goes terribly wrong, Waxman and fellow assassin Clegg become that agency's prime targets.
ฟ้าทะลายโจร=2000-10-05="A homage and parody of 1950s and 1960s Thai romantic melodramas and action films.  Dum, the son of a peasant falls in love with Rumpoey, the daughter of a wealthy and respected family. The star-crossed lovers are torn apart for years, but their forbidden love survives.  When tragedy strikes, Dum unleashes his rage and becomes the gun-slinging outlaw the ""Black Tiger"" who will stop at nothing to seek his revenge."
Lights Out=2016-07-21=When Rebecca left home, she thought she left her childhood fears behind. Growing up, she was never really sure of what was and wasn’t real when the lights went out…and now her little brother, Martin, is experiencing the same unexplained and terrifying events that had once tested her sanity and threatened her safety. A frightening entity with a mysterious attachment to their mother, Sophie, has reemerged.
Alvarez Kelly=1966-10-01=A suave Mexican cattleman inadvertently gets involved in the Civil War.
The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst=2015-02-08=Robert Durst, scion of one of New York’s billionaire real estate families, has been accused of three murders but never convicted. Brilliant, reclusive, and the subject of relentless media scrutiny, he’s never spoken publicly—until now. During interviews with Andrew Jarecki, he reveals secrets of the case that baffled authorities for 30 years. In 2010, Jarecki made the narrative film All Good Things based on the infamous story of Robert Durst. After Durst saw the film, he contacted Jarecki wanting to tell his story. What began as a feature documentary ultimately became a six-part series as more and more of his incredible story was revealed.
Tess of the D'Urbervilles=2008-09-14=Forced by poverty to seek support, the innocent Tess Durbeyfield seeks the help of the D'Urbervilles.
I sette gladiatori=1962-10-11="Framed for the escape of five gladiators from the arena, the son of one of Sparta's leading citizens is sentenced to the arena as gladiator himself and forced to fight for his life in the Roman Colosseum. Years later he manages to escape and return to Sparta, only to find out that his father has been murdered--even though it was ruled a ""suicide""--and the woman he loves is about to marry the evil king who has usurped the throne. He sets out to find six of his fellow gladiators and return to Sparta to save his woman and place the rightful king on the throne."
Rossiya 88=2009-01-28=A gang of skinheads 'Russia 88' are filming propaganda videos in order to place it on the internet. At the same time the camera records the life of the gang, they become accustomed to this and stop paying attention to it. The leader of the gang 'Blade' discovers that his sister is dating a guy from the Caucausus. This family drama develops into a tragedy.
Charlie Chan at Treasure Island=1939-08-31=Charlie's investigation of a phony psychic during the 1939 World Exposition on San Francisco's Treasure Island leads him to expose a suicide as murder.
Samyy Luchshiy Film 2=2009-01-22=The Best Movie 2 is a 2009 Russian comedy film from Monumental Pictures (Sony Pictures Entertainment) and Comedy Club Production, continuation of 2008 The Best Movie film, spoofing such famous Russian films as Zhara, The Irony of Fate 2 and TV-programs: Malakhov+, King of Ring and Taxi.
Sundays=2015-03-23=Set in Mexico City sometime in the future and starring US actor Brian Petsos and Mexican actress Sofia Sisniega, SUNDAYS is an ambitious philosophical science-fiction proof-of-concept short.  The end of the world seems like a nightmare to Ben. A memory of a past life that doesn’t belong to him. When Ben starts to remember Isabelle, the only love he’s ever known, he realises she’s missing in his life. An existential descent into confusion and the desperate need to find out the truth begins. This reality depicts a stunning, surprising and dark world. A world that is clearly not his.
Salomé=1923-02-15=Based on Oscar Wilde's play telling the story of how Salomé agrees to dance for King Herod in return for the head of John the Baptist
Fak wai nai gai thoe=2014-08-07=After falling pregnant to Perth, her boyfriend's best friend, Ice commits suicide. She returns to haunt Perth while Tan seeks out the person who made her kill herself for his own revenge.
Jonah: A VeggieTales Movie=2002-10-04=Get ready as Bob the Tomato, Larry the Cucumber and the rest of the Veggies set sail on a whale of an adventure in Big Idea's first full-length, 3-D animated feature film. This is the story of Jonah and the Whale as you've never seen it before - a story where we learn that one of the best gifts you can give - or get - is a second chance.
연가시=2012-07-05=Jae-hyuk is a pharmaceutical worker for a medical supplies company. When a series of dead bodies are found floating in the Han River. The public is shocked to discovered that the deaths are related to a fatal outbreak of virus-infected mutant parasitic horsehair worms, called 'Yeongasi', that can control the human brain. Those infected shows symptoms of hunger and thirst, hence jumps into the river to combat dehydration. Whilst the authorities work to find a cure, Jae-hyuk struggles to save his family when they also exhibits similar symptoms.
Historien om Kim Skov=1981-01-01=The boy Kim moves with his family from the countryside to a ghetto in a big city. He does not do too well in school, and that makes him an easy victim for the hard core bullies in the new school. When the group leader is moved to a private school, Kim is accepted in the gang - as long as he provides cigarettes for the other members. This of course leads to a confrontation with the school teachers, his family and eventually the gang members.
Kill Katie Malone=2010-10-10="College students and best friends Ginger Matheson, Jim Duncan, and Kyle ""Dixie"" Canning, pool their cash to buy a ""ghost"" in an online auction. The three think it's all a goof, but once they open up the antique box to examine their ""treasure,"" they unleash the vengeful spirit of an Irish servant girl who has been wreaking havoc on her owners throughout the generations"
King Uncle=1993-02-05=Ashok Bansal has a traumatic childhood which teaches him that money matters most to people, even more than their kids. Ashok starts hating poor people &amp; starts working hard to get out of poverty, at the expense of his own family. However, Ashok’s life changes forever when Munna enters his life.
All the King's Men=2006-09-10=The story of an idealist's rise to power in the world of Louisiana politics and the corruption that leads to his ultimate downfall. Based on the1946 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel written by Robert Penn Warren.
Speedway=1929-10-07=Bill Whipple is a happy-go-lucky mechanic for MacDonald who thinks that he is the worlds greatest driver and lover. Mac has treated Bill like a son since he took him in. One day at the track, Bill sees Pat Bannon, and tries his best to impress her, but to no avail. On his way to catch a flight, he tricks Pat into taking him to the airport and she gets even by taking him up in a plane. He hates to fly, but will not show her that he is afraid and when the plane breaks up, he is a hero for rescuing her. This gets him publicity and Renny offers him his car to drive in the Indianapolis 500. Bill breaks with Mac to drive the car and puts it on the pole for the race. Then Renny double crosses Bill and plans to drive the car himself since Bill has tuned it so well.
Hail Columbia!=1982-01-01=The maiden voyage of Columbia, the first space shuttle, is recounted with footage shot on the ground and in space.
Prisoner 701: Sasori=2008-01-01=When a band of assassins invade the home of their target Hei Tai they find only his lovely, innocent, bride-to-be, Nami and force upon her a cruel dilemma: either she kills her fiancee’s sister or they kill her fiancee. Trapped, and unable to confide in the person she loves most, Nami kills her fiancee’s sister and is sent to prison where she survives only by becoming as ruthless as those around her. Trained to fight by a fellow inmate, Nami develops the skills and strength to escape and sets out on a quest for revenge. After killing two of the assassins she’s reunited with Hei Tai who’s still unaware she killed his sister. As their love is rekindled Nami decides to abandon her crusade of vengeance when the remaining assassin finds them and tells Hei Tai what Nami did. Nami realizes she can never rest until she finds and defeats the assassins’ employer, but now her beloved’s torn between helping her and his own personal desire for revenge.
Wild Things: Foursome=2010-06-01=A murdered hotel millionaire's son finds himself tangled up in a game of seduction and murder after a raunchy night with three beautiful women.
Je reste !=2003-10-01=A love triangle between a businessman, his wife, and a writer.
Feng sheng=2009-09-22="1942, Nanjing (Nanking). Following a series of assassination attempts on officials of the Japanese-controlled puppet government, the Japanese spy chief gathers a group of suspects in a mansion house for questioning. A tense game of ""cat and mouse"" ensues as the Chinese code-breaker attempts to send out a crucial message while protecting his/her own identity."
Robin Hood=1922-08-18=Amid big-budget medieval pageantry, King Richard goes on the Crusades leaving his brother Prince John as regent, who promptly emerges as a cruel, grasping, treacherous tyrant. Apprised of England's peril by message from his lady-love Marian, the dashing Earl of Huntingdon endangers his life and honor by returning to oppose John, but finds himself and his friends outlawed, and Marian apparently dead. Enter Robin Hood, acrobatic champion of the oppressed, laboring to set things right through swash buckling feats and cliffhanging perils!
판도라=2016-12-07=Jae-Hyeok lives with his mother, his sister-in-law and nephew Min-Jae in a small Korean town. He is dating Yeon-Joo, while working at the local nuclear power plant. Meanwhile, Pyung-Sub works at the same nuclear power plant. He is worried about conditions there, but nobody in the government listens to him. An earthquake strikes the small town where Jae-Hyeok lives and causes explosions at the nuclear power plant. The situation quickly spirals out of control, leading the entire nation to panic. To prevent another nuclear disaster, Jae-Hyeok and his co-workers return to the nuclear power plant.
Skippy=1931-04-25=Skippy, the mischievous son of a wealthy doctor, meets Sooky in poverty-ridden Shantytown, and together they try to save Sooky's pet from a cruel dogcatcher.
Snuff 102=2007-03-01=A young Argentinian reporter is writing an article about snuff films - which depict real torture, rape and murder of people. But seeking the films and those behind them might backfire. She herself is in danger of becoming one of the suffering.
Husbands and Wives=1992-09-18=When Jack and Sally announce that they're splitting up, this comes as a shock to their best friends Gabe and Judy. Maybe mostly because they also are drifting apart and are now being made aware of it. So while Jack and Sally try to go on and meet new people, the marriage of Gabe and Judy gets more and more strained, and they begin to find themselves being attracted to other people.
Pageant=2008-12-26=A portrait of five men competing in the Miss Gay America pageant.
3 Blind Mice=2003-10-08=Thomas is a talented computer programmer living in a vibrant, urban metropolis. Lonely and unsure about life, he finds solitude in the world of internet chat rooms, webcam sites and virtual communication. One evening, Thomas witnesses the brutal murder of a webcam friend and in a vain attempt to protect her he becomes the prime suspect in the homicide. Determined to prove his innocence, Thomas teams up with Claire, a specialist in internet crimes to uncover the truth. To expose the murderer, Claire and Thomas decide to set up their own webcam site using Claire as the cyber bait. Somewhere down the line the truth becomes blurred and Thomas no longer knows where to turn or who to trust. As his life starts to spiral out of control, he has to face the terrifying reality that he could be the next victim.........the virtual nightmare has only just begun.
Inspector Gadget=1999-07-23="John Brown is a bumbling but well-intentioned security guard who is badly injured in an explosion planned by an evil mastermind. He is taken to a laboratory, where Brenda, a leading robotics surgeon, replaces his damaged limbs with state-of-the-art gadgets and tools. Named ""Inspector Gadget"" by the press, John -- along with his niece, Penny, and her trusty dog, Brain -- uses his new powers to discover who was behind the explosion."
Rock-A-Doodle=1991-08-02=Chanticleer is a foolhardy farm rooster who believes his crows can actually make the sun come up and shine. When the sun rises one morning without Chanticleer's crow, he leaves the farm in disgrace and runs off to become a rock 'n' roll singer. But in his absence, a sinister, sunshine-hating owl prepares to take over.
Racing Extinction=2015-01-24=An unlikely team of activists and innovators hatches a bold mission to save endangered species.
Chop=2011-05-07=Lance Reed is forced by a psychotic stranger to confront his duplicitous past. Seeking retribution for a crime, the man forces Lance to reveal his inner most secrets by systematically removing his limbs.
Zapatlela 2=2013-06-07=Tatya Vinchu comes back to life after 20 years, and now wants to migrate into the body of Lakshya's son.
Humano=2013-10-12=A young man travels to the Andean mountains to understand the origin of man and the reason of his existence.
After Midnight=2014-01-01=When an exotic dancer is murdered at a seedy strip club, her sister Constance, a TV newscaster, goes undercover to find the killer. While working at the club, she quickly realizes that everyone is a suspect and that other dancers are being targeted. She must work fast to find the killer to seek her revenge before she becomes the next target.
War of the Dead=2011-10-22=Captain Martin Stone is leading a finely-trained, elite platoon of Allied soldiers as they attack an enemy bunker. Underestimating their enemy's strength, they are quickly beaten back into the forest. As they try to regroup, they are suddenly attacked by the same soldiers they had just killed a few minutes earlier. Forced to flee deeper into Russian territory, they discover one of war's most terrifying secrets and realize they have woken up a far more deadlier enemy.
Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa=2013-10-22=86-year-old Irving Zisman is on a journey across America with the most unlikely companion: his 8 year-old grandson, Billy.
Bird on a Wire=1974-07-05=Tony Palmer's film, thought lost for almost 40 years, about Leonard Cohen's 1972 European tour, has now been pieced together from almost 3,000 fragments and restored to its former glory. A unique record of a major poet and singer/songwriter at the height of his powers.
Before Dawn=1933-08-04=Joe Valerie stashed a million dollars in gold from a robbery 15 years earlier. Now that he lay dying a painful death, he trades the location of the money to Dr. Cornelius for a shot to end his suffering. When Mrs. Marble reads about the death of Joe, she wants to spend the money, but the ghost of Joe causes her to fall down the stairs ending her life. When the police show up, they are not sure if it is murder of not, so they enlist Dr. Cornelius and clairvoyant Patricia to help solve the case. But everyone, except Mattie and Patricia, is looking for the loot and not the ghost of Joe Valerie.
Law and Order=1953-05-13=Frame Johnson's attempt to settle down in Tombstone is interrupted when a mob tries to mete out some frontier justice.
Girls Just Want to Have Fun=1985-04-12="Janey is new in town, and soon meets Lynne, who shares her passion for dancing in general, and ""Dance TV"" in particular. When a competition is announced to find a new Dance TV regular couple, Janey and Lynne are determined to audition. The only problem is that Janey's father doesn't approve of that kind of thing."
10 Cloverfield Lane=2016-03-10="After a car accident, Michelle awakens to find herself in a mysterious bunker with two men named Howard and Emmett. Howard offers her a pair of crutches to help her remain mobile with her leg injury sustained from the car crash and tells her to ""get good on those"" before leaving the bunker. She has been given the information that there has been an alien attack and the outside world is poisoned. However, Howard and Emmett's intentions soon become questionable and Michelle is faced with a question: Is it better in here or out there?"
The Limping Man=1953-12-11=An American (Lloyd Bridges) returns to his London lover (Moira Lister) and joins the search for a limping sniper.
Citizen Jane: Battle for the City=2017-04-21=Writer and urban activist Jane Jacobs fights to save historic New York City during the ruthless redevelopment era of urban planner Robert Moses in the 1960s.
Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins...=1985-10-11=When a street-smart NYPD cop (Fred Ward) regains consciousness after a bizarre mugging, he has a new face and a new identity! Now he's Remo Williams, the #1 recruit of a top-secret organization, and he's toppling evil at every turn – even atop the Statue of Liberty! Trained by a quirky Korean martial arts master (Joel Grey) to dodge bullets, brave terrifying heights and thwart attackers with his bare hands, Remo becomes the ultimate criminal exterminator. But when he faces off against a corrupt millionaire and his army of henchmen, the real adventure begins!
Jack Frost=1979-12-13=In this delightful animated tale, Pardon-me Pete (Buddy Hackett), the official groundhog of Groundhog Day, tells the story of Jack Frost, who falls in love with a beautiful young woman and begs Father Winter to make him human so that she can see him. His request is granted, but only on the condition that by the spring he has a house, a bag of gold, a horse and a wife--a tall order! But Jack finds that life as a human is more complicated then he thought. The girl he loves is kidnapped by the evil Cossack who is threatening to destroy the entire town. But the only way that he can save her and the town is to have his magic powers back. Jack Frost is a heartwarming tale that is sure to entertain the whole family!
The Owl and the Pussycat=1970-01-01=Meek, owlish Felix (George Segal) and strident, catty Doris (Barbra Streisand) live in the same apartment building. His incessant typing bothers her; her gentlemen callers bother him. Felix informs the landlord of her activities, so Doris moves in on Felix. When they both get thrown out, they move in with Barney (Robert Klein) . . . until they drive him out! That's when Felix and Doris finally decide to put theory into practice. But do opposites attract?
Century=1993-12-31=Turn-of-the-century love story centered around a young doctor and the emergence of modern science.
How to Get the Man’s Foot Outta Your Ass=2004-01-20="Director Mario Van Peebles chronicles the complicated production of his father Melvin's classic 1971 film, ""Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song."" Playing his father in the film, Van Peebles offers an unapologetic account of Melvin's brash and sometimes deceptive conduct on the set of the film, including questionable antics like writing bad checks, tricking a local fire department and allowing his son, Mario, to shoot racy sex scenes at the age of 11."
The Legend of Longwood=2014-11-16=When 12-year-old Mickey Miller moves from New York to Ireland, she soon discovers a link between herself and the 300-year-old legend of the mysterious Black Knight, who regularly haunts the sleepy Irish village. With courage and a sharp mind, she sets out to save a precious herd of white horses and to thwart the evil plans of a greedy, ambitious woman.
조폭 마누라=2001-09-28=Eunjin who is a living legend among the gangsters dominates the male-centered underworld wielding only a pair of her trademark blades. One day, Eun-jin finds her sister from whom she was separated at an orphanage during childhood, and her sister tells Eun-jin that her last dying wish is to see that Eun-jin gets married.
The Reflecting Skin=1990-08-28=A young boy tries to cope with rural life circa 1950s and his fantasies become a way to interpret events. After his father tells him stories of vampires, he becomes convinced that the widow up the road is a vampire, and tries to find ways of discouraging his brother from seeing her.
자칼이 온다=2012-11-15="Clumsy and off-the-wall hit man Bong Min-jung (Song Ji-hyo) is hired to kill top Hallyu star Choi Hyun (Kim Jaejoong). She ambushes him at Paradise Hotel in Seong-ju where the cops are on a stakeout for serial killer ""Jackal"". However Min-jung realizes that Hyun is her favorite star, and Hyun finds out that her client is his ex-girlfriend. Then Angela arrives and the two meet Hyun, her boy toy, she is unintentionally stabbed to death by Min-jung. Curious chemistry develops between the two, and he decides to help her."
Empire of Dirt=2013-11-22=Like many Native families, Lena Mahikan grew up in the cycle of abuse. Her father, a residential school survivor, was an alcoholic until he killed himself when Lena was 10. Her mother, only 14 years her senior, turned to the slots. By the time Lena was 15, she was pregnant and, before giving birth, was kicked to the curb by her mom. The cycle continues and Lena is now watching helplessly as her own daughter, Peeka, spirals out of control, landing herself in the hospital following a drug overdose. As a final attempt at survival, Lena decides to return home and face her own mother and a past she’s desperate to escape.
Murder with Pictures=1936-09-24=Suspected crime boss Nate Girard beats a murder rap, and newspaper photog Kent Murdock is on the story. Girard and lawyer Redfield throw a party for the news men where Murdock romances a mystery woman who confronted Girard in front of him, but Murdock's fiancée Hester shows up. After they return to his apartment, have a fight, and she leaves, the mystery woman slips in and begs for his help. Police Inspector Bacon and the cops show up, looking for the mystery woman; Murdock hides her. Murdock goes with the cops to discuss the murder the woman is suspected of. Bacon explains (in flashback) how some photogs were setting up a shot with Girard and Redfield. When the flashbulbs popped, Redfield keeled over dead and the woman, Meg Archer, fled while the newsmen ran out to phone their papers. The newsmen (who were rounded up later as thoroly as possible) are taken into police custody, except for Murdock (who wasn't at the scene), who is given a cap on the sly by rival McGoogin. Altho ...
No Time for Nuts=2006-10-23=Scrat comes across a time machine and is transported to various times all in pursuit of his beloved acorn.
Villain=1971-05-26=It tells the story of ruthless East End gangster Vic Dakin and his plans for an ambitious raid on the wages van of a plastic factory. This is a departure from Dakin's usual modus operandi, and the job is further complicated by his having to work with fellow gangster Frank Fletcher's firm. As Dakin plots, Wolfe wheels and deals and MP Draycott gets caught in a web of his own iniquity.
Mýrin=2006-10-20=A murder opens up a bleak trail of long buried secrets and small town corruption for a worn out police detective and his squad.
Topper Takes a Trip=1938-12-29=Mrs Topper's friend Mrs Parkhurst has convinced Mrs topper, to file for a divorce from Cosmo, due to the strange circumstances of his trip with ghost Marion Kirby. Marion comes back from heaven's door to help Cosmo again, this time only with dog Mr. Atlas. Due to a strange behavior of Cosmo, the judge refuses to divorce them, so Mrs Parkhurst takes Mrs Topper on a trip to France, where she tries to arrange the final reasons for the divorce, with help of a gold-digging French baron, Marion takes Cosmo to the same hotel, to bring them back together and to get her own final ticket to heaven, but the whole thing turns out to be not too easy.
West Beyrouth=1998-09-01=In April, 1975, civil war breaks out; Beirut is partitioned along a Moslem-Christian line. Tarek is in high school, making Super 8 movies with his friend, Omar. At first the war is a lark: school has closed, the violence is fascinating, getting from West to East is a game. His mother wants to leave; his father refuses. Tarek spends time with May, a Christian, orphaned and living in his building. By accident, Tarek goes to an infamous brothel in the war-torn Olive Quarter, meeting its legendary madam, Oum Walid. He then takes Omar and May there using her underwear as a white flag for safe passage. Family tensions rise. As he comes of age, the war moves inexorably from adventure to tragedy.
Dernier domicile connu=1970-07-25=Marceau Léonetti (Lino Ventura), a competent and energetic officer stops by chance the son of an influential lawyer driving under the influence of alcohol. A few months later, the lawyer falsely accuses Léonetti as being violent and incompetent. As a result Marceau is transferred to a small police station, where he meets young and beautiful Jeanne (Marlène Jobert). Soon they are faced with a tough investigation.
Always for Pleasure=1978-05-02=An intense insider's portrait of New Orleans' street celebrations and unique cultural gumbo: Second-line parades, Mardi Gras, Jazz Fest. Features live music from Professor Longhair, the Wild Tchoupitoulas, the Neville Brothers and more. This glorious, soul-satisfying film is among Blank's special masterworks.
Carry On England=1976-10-01=Captain S. Melly takes over as the new Commanding Officer at an experimental mixed sex air defence base. It's 1940 and England is under heavy bombardment, but the crew seem more interested in each other than the enemy planes above. Captain Melly plans to put a stop to all this, and becomes the target of a campaign to abandon his separatist ideals...
Supermenedzher, ili Motyga Sudby=2011-05-19=A funny fantasy about mangers, hobbits and other surprising people.
Piranhaconda=2012-06-16=A hybrid creature - half piranha and half anaconda -- attacks a low-budget horror movie crew on location near her nest when her egg is stolen. Now they must outrun and kill the deadly piranhaconda as well as stop the mad scientist who stole the egg - before they all become dinner.
Gigante=2009-01-01=A chronicle of a supermarket security guard's obsession with a late-shift janitor.
Beneath the Darkness=2011-10-21=After watching their best friend get murdered, a group of teens struggle to expose a local hero as the vicious killer and keep from becoming his next victims.
Jackie Brown=1997-12-24=Jackie Brown is a flight attendant who gets caught in the middle of smuggling cash into the country for her gunrunner boss. When the cops try to use Jackie to get to her boss, she hatches a plan—with help from a bail bondsman—to keep the money for herself. Based on Elmore Leonard's novel “Rum Punch”.
Leone di Tebe=1964-06-27=Fleeing Troy in the wake of its destruction, fair-faced Helen and her faithful protector Arion run into the pharaoh Ramses, who sets his sights on Helen -- and is subsequently murdered. Now it's up to Arion to save Helen from those who wish her dead.
Jug Face=2013-08-09=The pit has spoken. Dawai, the potter of a backwoods community, has crafted a face on a ceramic jug of the person that the pit wants sacrificed. Ada, pregnant with her brother’s child, has seen her face on the jug and hides it in the woods, determined to save the life of her unborn. If she does not sacrifice herself however, the creature from the pit will kill everyone in the village until she does.
జులాయి=2012-08-09=Julayi is the story of a fun loving guy who does not work and has no aim in life. He falls in love with a young girl and the story turns on how his life has to change to win her love.
Edge of the City=1957-08-02=An army deserter and a black dock worker join forces against a corrupt union official.
The Producers=2005-12-25=After putting together another Broadway flop, down-on-his-luck producer Max Bialystock teams up with timid accountant Leo Bloom in a get-rich-quick scheme to put on the world's worst show.
Santa Fe Trail=1940-12-13=As a penalty for fighting fellow classmates days before graduating from West Point, J.E.B. Stuart, George Armstrong Custer and four friends are assigned to the 2nd Cavalry, stationed at Fort Leavenworth. While there they aid in the capture and execution of the abolitionist, John Brown following the Battle of Harper's Ferry.
House III: The Horror Show=1989-04-28="Detective Lucas McCarthy finally apprehends ""Meat Cleaver Max"" and watches the electric chair execution from the audience. But killing Max Jenke only elevated him to another level of reality. Now Lucas' family is under attack, his sanity in question, and his house haunted. Aided by a disreputable college professor, can Lucas reclaim his mind, house, and family? Features Lance Henriksen as the Lucas McCarthy and Brion James as Max Jenke. One of the few movies featuring these actors as main characters."
Kvarteret Skatan reser till Laholm=2012-03-16=For a long time, a group of friends have been on a yearly summer trip to Laholm. This year, they want to go somewhere else, at least everyone except Ulf, who force the others to join the trip - by saying he has cancer.
À Flor do Mar=1986-10-02=Laura Rossellini, a widow from Rome, vacations on the Algarve coast one hot summer. One day while sunbathing, she finds a wounded man named Robert drifting in the surf on a rubber raft. She takes him home, and, after he is revived, learns his story. As they talk, their mutual attraction grows, until a group of armed men suddenly arrives looking for Robert.
Le prix du danger=1983-01-25=In a futuristic society, contestants pit their survival skills against each other in a fight to the death for cash prizes, and the contest is aired live on television.
Captain America II: Death Too Soon=1979-11-23=A government agent is looking for a missing scientist, believing that a revolutionary leader known as Miguel (Christopher Lee Lord of the Rings) has him, and that he is using him to get his formula for something that can accelerate the aging process. He sends Steve Rogers aka Captain America (Red Brown) to find him and rescue the scientist, his only lead is a chemical that the scientist needs for his formula. As he gets closer to the truth Miguel threatens to spray the chemical on a major city unless his demands are met. But the President does not negotiate with terrorists, can Captain America save the day!?
Un monstruo de mil cabezas=2016-03-30=When Sonia receives the news that her husband’s cancer has progressed to a critical stage, she races to secure the insurance company’s approval for the care that can help him. Met with indifference and negligence at every turn, Sonia’s desperation triggers a primal survival instinct as a series of increasingly violent confrontations unfold. A sharp, urgent tale of a distraught woman intent on protecting her family at all costs, Rodrigo Plá’s latest film is an engrossing combination of thriller, drama and timely socio-political commentary. .
The Tracker=2002-08-08=The film is set in the early 20th century Australian outback, where four men are following an Aboriginal man who has been accused of murder. The characters in the film are referred to by their characters rather than by name.
Rush Hour 3=2007-08-08=After an attempted assassination on Ambassador Han, Inspector Lee and Detective Carter are back in action as they head to Paris to protect a French woman with knowledge of the Triads' secret leaders. Lee also holds secret meetings with a United Nations authority, but his personal struggles with a Chinese criminal mastermind named Kenji, which reveals that it's Lee's long-lost...brother.
Silent Nights=2016-01-01=The drama chronicles the affair between Inger, a young Danish woman from Copenhagen, and Kwame, an illegal immigrant from Ghana, that she meets while volunteering at a homeless shelter. Despite their cultural differences, and the disapproval of Inger’s own mother, the two quickly develop a strong bond and move in together. Everything seems perfect and serendipitous, but then Inger discovers a devastating secret that Kwame has kept hidden.
Sanjay's Super Team=2015-11-25="Sanjay's Super Team follows the daydream of a young Indian boy, bored with his father's religious meditation, who imagines ""a kind of ancient, Hindu version of The Avengers, with the gods appearing like superheros."
Speaking of Sex=2001-10-18=A counselor, an expert on depression, and two attorneys try to help a couple who have marital problems.
La moutarde me monte au nez=1974-10-09=Pierre is a clumsy, overly serious math teacher at an all-girls high school. His life is thrown into chaos after encountering a beautiful British actress and the paparazzi that follow her around.
Coin Heist=2017-01-06=When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint.
A Circle of Deception=1960-11-01=Unbeknownst to him, a soldier is sent on a doomed mission because of the high likelihood of him divulging secrets if captured and tortured.
Don't Go in the House=1980-03-28=As a child, Donald was tormented by his mother who used fire as a punishment. Now a deranged adult, Donald stalks women at clubs, then takes them home where he kills them with a flamethrower.
Mori no densetsu=1987-12-18=A tranquil forest and all of its residents must face the destruction of man. A squirrel, born and raised in the forrest, fights to defend his home and faces trials and adversities along the way.
Immediate Family=1989-10-27=Linda and Michael, married for ten years, desperately want a baby and turn to an adoption agency which introduces them to Lucy, a teenage girl expecting her first baby. The three agree that Linda and Michael will adopt Lucy's baby and that Lucy will sign away custody. Things don't go quite to plan however..
The Back-Up Plan=2010-04-23=When Zoe tires of looking for Mr. Right, she decides to have a baby on her own. But on the day she's artificially inseminated, she meets Stan, who seems to be just who she's been searching for all her life. Now, Zoe has to figure out how to make her two life's dreams fit with each other.
Badlands=1973-10-15=Dramatization of the Starkweather-Fugate killing spree of the 1950s, in which a teenage girl and her twenty-something boyfriend slaughtered her entire family and several others in the Dakota badlands.
El fondo del mar=2003-08-27=An architect (Daniel Hendler) trails a man (Gustavo Garzón) who was hiding under his girlfriend's (Dolores Fonzi) bed.
Colpo gobbo all'italiana=1962-05-04=Orazio Menicotti is a night policeman in Rome. One night he is present at a quarrel between husband and wife and he volunteers to take the wife to the Police Station. While he goes around Rome with the blonde and beautiful woman, a bank is robbed. Orazio believes the local gangster is guilty and he rushes to Occhio di Bue's home. When he finds out a different truth, Orazio, Occhio di Bue and his friends will try to get back the loot to put it back before the robbery is disclosed.
江湖=2004-05-26="When Triad leader Hung's wife gives birth to a baby boy, Hung considers leaving the world of the gangsters. Despite the fact that he is not sure of his decision, word gets out fast and now, a brutal war begins in the world of ""jiang-hu"". Two hoodlums, Wing and Turbo, set to make a name for themselves, are ordered to kill Hung. Meanwhile, an internal conflict begins between Hung and his #1 man, Left-Hand. Despite this conflict, the two have nothing but respect for each other. However, they know deep down, that there are people waiting to get rid of Hung."
Billy Bathgate=1991-11-01=In the year 1935, a teen named Billy Bathgate finds first love while becoming the protégé of fledgling gangster Dutch Schultz.
Slasher=2004-03-15=A documentary on a stereotypically shady used car salesman, one who convinces customers to buy vehicles that others have deemed unfit for sale.
The Glass Menagerie=1973-12-16="Amanda Wingfield dominates her children with her faded gentility and exaggerated tales of her Southern belle past. Her son plans escape; her daughter withdraws into a dream world. When a ""gentleman caller"" appears, things move to crisis point."
Призрак=2015-03-26=An aircraft designer becomes a ghost after a sudden death. Now he needs to engage a help of seven-grader in order to finish all his unaccomplished tasks.
Black Moon=1975-09-24=There is a war in the world between the men and the women. A young girl tries to escape this reality and comes to a hidden place where a strange unicorn lives with a family: Sister, Brother, many children and an old woman that never leaves her bed but stays in contact with the world through her radio...
Ek Ajnabee=2005-12-09=Suryaveer Singh (Amitabh Bachchan) is a bitter man and ex-Army officer, hired by his friend Shekhar (Arjun Rampal) to protect a little girl, Anamika (Rucha Vaidya).
Love in the Time of Cholera=2007-10-04=In Colombia just after the Great War, an old man falls from a ladder; dying, he professes great love for his wife. After the funeral, a man calls on the widow - she dismisses him angrily. Flash back more than 50 years to the day Florentino Ariza, a telegraph boy, falls in love with Fermina Daza, the daughter of a mule trader.
Pays de cocagne=1971-02-09=Pierre Etaix’s most radical film, and perhaps unsurprisingly the one that effectively ended his career in cinema, Land of Milk and Honey is a fascinating investigative documentary about post–May ’68 French society.
Zuckerbaby=1985-10-01=In a large city lives a lonesome, 38-year old woman. Without friends, she has indulged in food and candy too much and has become a bit overweight. In short, she is disappointed of her life. One day she sees a young and handsome subway driver and instantly falls in love with him. In a very short time, she finds out all about him and eventually makes contact with him.
飛刀手=1969-06-18=The Yu family earn the ire of the Green Dragon clan when the daughter (Cheng Pei-Pei) kills the clan chief's son (a rapist and murderer). The Green Dragon chief wounds family head Yu Yuan with his flying daggers, and kills many others who try to protect the noble family. Wandering swordsman Ying Qing (Lo Lieh) saves the family in a fight, using his own flying dagger skills, but his allegiances and motives are unclear.
24 Exposures=2013-08-04=Billy is a fetish photographer whose models begin to turn up dead. Michael, a melancholic cop, is tasked with investigating him.
The Activist=2014-03-07=A political thriller during the Wounded Knee insurrection in 1973. Two activist are arrested and maintain in custody in a sheriff's office. They will meet a Nixon advisor, a lawyer, a senator and a movie star who is also an activist. Feb 2013 will be the 40Th anniversary of the insurrection... Written by Anonymous
Leiutajateküla Lotte=2006-08-25=Somewhere in Europe by a great sea stands a small village, where inventing all manner of domestic gadgets is held in great esteem. The villagers organize an annual competition of new inventions. One of the best inventors in the village is Oskar, the father of the energetic girl dog Lotte. His primary rival is Adalbert the Hare. Victory in this competition is very important as it would bring honour to the entire family.
La siciliana ribelle=2008-12-31=Inspired to a true story, on November 5th 1991, Rita Atria a young 17-year-old Sicilian girl, goes to see an anti-Mafia judge Paolo Borsellino to denounce the Mafia system that was responsible for the murder of her father and her brother. It is the first time that such a young woman from a Mafia family rebels and betrays the Mafia. From that moment on, Rita's days are numbered. She only has nine months to live...
Dolfje Weerwolfje=2011-11-30=On the night of his seventh birthday, sweet Alfie suddenly changes into a white fluffy werewolf. He doesn’t understand why. Alfie struggles with himself, because the wolf at night is capable of doing things that the shy boy would not during the day. Who is Alfie ? Will he be able to accept the way he really is ? A quirky and smart film that will delight you about a young boy who suddenly develops fullmoon issues.
Grimm=2003-01-01=One cold winter's day, Jacob and his sister Marie are abandoned in a wood by their out-of-work father. In his jacket Jacob finds a letter from their mother urging them to go to her brother in Spain. Once in Spain, it turns out that their uncle is dead. Marie meets Diego, a wealthy charming Spanish surgeon, and falls in love with him. Diego lives with his sick, domineering sister, Teresa. To Jacob's astonishment, Marie wants to marry Diego. Even after the wedding has taken place, jealous Jacob tries to get his sister away from Diego. When this doesn't succeed, Jacob starts to provoke his brother-in-law. It soon transpires that no-one will go unpunished for this.
Van God Los=2003-04-24=Two small town Dutch boys whose socially unnatural friendship is so close, they care nothing for human or divine rules and lose all grip on reality, sliding into violent crime.
Nannaku Prematho=2016-01-13=Nannaku Prematho (English: To Dad With Love) is an upcoming Telugu action family drama film written and directed by Sukumar and produced by B. V. S. N. Prasad under his Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra banner. The film stars N. T. Rama Rao Jr. and Rakul Preet Singh in the lead roles while Jagapati Babu will play the main antagonist and Rajendra Prasad will play other pivotal role. This film marks the 25th film in the career of N. T. Rama Rao Jr. as an actor. The music is being composed by Devi Sri Prasad while the cinematography is being handled by Vijay C Chakravarthy. Editing is done by Navin Nooli. The film is co-produced by Bhogavalli Bapineedu and Reliance Entertainment . The first look poster was unvieled on 17 September 2015 on the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi. The film is slated to release on 8 January 2016.
To Live and Die in L.A.=1985-11-01=A fearless Secret Service agent will stop at nothing to bring down the counterfeiter who killed his partner.
Spun=2002-06-01=Over the course of three days Ross, a college dropout addicted to crystal-meth, encounters a variety of oddball folks - including a stripper named Nikki and her boyfriend, the local meth producer, The Cook - but all he really wants to do is hook up with his old girlfriend, Amy.
Dobra žena=2017-01-19=When 50-year-old Milena finds out about the terrible past of her seemingly ideal husband, while simultaneously learning of her own cancer diagnosis, she begins an awakening from the suburban paradise she has been living in.
Cube 2: Hypercube=2002-04-15=The sequel to the low budget first film ‘Cube.’ This time the prisoners find them selves in a more advanced cube environment that they must escape from before they are killed. A science fiction film where space and time have more than one path.
First Knight=1995-07-07=The timeless tale of King Arthur and the legend of Camelot are retold in this passionate period drama. Arthur is reluctant to hand the crown to Lancelot, and Guinevere is torn between her loyalty to her husband and her growing love for his rival. But Lancelot must balance his loyalty to the throne with the rewards of true love.
Theodore Rex=1995-12-14=In an alternate futuristic society, a tough female police detective is paired with a talking dinosaur to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a mad scientist bent on creating a new Armageddon.
12 Dates of Christmas=2011-12-11=12 Dates of Christmas is a romantic comedy that follows Kate (Amy Smart), a young woman who re-lives the same first date on Christmas Eve over and over again. In an attempt to win back her ex-boyfriend on Christmas Eve, Kate ends up ruining her blind date with Miles (Mark-Paul Gosselaar), a handsome guy she's been set up with. In a strange twist of fate, Kate is given the chance to re-live Christmas Eve twelve times!  Kate decides to embrace what Christmas Eve has given her -- a loving family, great friends and Miles, who turns out to be a great guy! However, just as she seems to think she has gotten it right, the clock strikes midnight and Kate must live Christmas Eve once again. Under these weird new circumstances, Kate learns to take risks and enjoy what she's been given. Thanks to the gift of Christmas Eve, Kate finds happiness by finally trusting fate.
Treed Murray=2001-09-13=An advertising executive, trapped in a tree by a gang of would-be muggers, manipulates them into fighting to save his life.
The Moguls=2005-02-06=Sex sells in America and these guys know it. The Amateurs follows a small town band of loveable losers who hit upon an idea that can make their dreams and fantasies come true. Thinking they've found the road to riches and fame they decide to make the world's most innocent adult film. Everyman's fantasy turns into a hilarious misadventure when they find they're in way over their heads.
Laid in America=2016-09-26=Two foreign exchange high-school students are kidnapped during their quest to get laid on their last night in America.
Terror by Night=1946-02-01=Holmes is hired by Roland Carstairs to prevent the theft of the Star of Rhodesia, an enormous diamond owned by Carstairs' mother, Lady Margaret. Believing the diamond will be stolen on a train trip from London to Edinburgh, Holmes deftly switches diamonds with Lady Margaret while in her compartment. Soon after, Roland is murdered and the fake diamond is stolen.
Bon Voyage, Charlie Brown (and Don't Come Back!)=1980-01-01=Charlie Brown, Linus, Peppermint Patty and Marcie travel to France as foreign exchange students. Also along is Snoopy and Woodstock. While everyone is excited about the opportunity to travel to a foreign country, Charlie is disturbed by a letter he receives from a mysterious girl from France who invites him as a her guest only to find that he does not seem welcomed to her Chateau.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay=2009-01-01=A presumed-dead man's current wife and former wives squabble over his funeral arrangements.
Bianca=1984-02-23=Michele is a mathematics professor who just started a new job in a school with some peculiar teaching methods. After a woman in his neighborhood is murdered, Michele meets beautiful colleague Bianca, and a relationship begins between the two. Where is this relationship heading, and will Michele be able to help the police catch the murderer?
Salsa=1988-07-09=Fatherless barrio Puerto Rican Rico is a menial car mechanic by day, but lives for the nights, when he dances and dates hot dancing girls, cockily convinced the title of Salsa king in fancy nightclub La Luna's upcoming contest is to be his. He encourages his best friend, courteous gentleman Ken, to date his sister Margarita so he gets a free hand with her flirtatious classmate Lola. The reigning salsa queen Luna's interest in Rico as dance-partner threatens his on-off relationship with Vicki. More jealous trouble follows when Ken and Margarita fall in true love.
Wilder Napalm=1993-08-20=Wilder and Wallace are brothers and pyrokinetics. Ever since childhood they've been able to start fires with their minds but following a tragedy in which they accidentally killed a man, the brothers have grown up very differently. Wilder has become a regular 9-5 workaday joe but Wallace performs his feats with a traveling circus. When the circus comes to Wilder's home town Wallace starts coming on strong to Wilder's wife, Vida who, ironically, is a slight pyromaniac.
High School U.S.A.=1983-10-16=Set in a senior high school class, J.J. (Michael J. Fox) pursues the girlfriend of a rival from a higher clique which culminates in a race at the end of the movie between the two rivals in this light comedy.
Don't Answer the Phone!=1980-02-29=A deeply disturbed photographer and Vietnam veteran, named Kirk Smith, terrorizes Los Angeles by going around strangling lingerie-clad young women in their homes while taunting Lindsay Gale, a young psychologist, by calling her on a radio call-in show to describe his sexual hang-ups and misogynistic ways, while a local police detective, Lt. McCable, is always two steps behind in trying to catch the psycho.
The Land Beyond the Sunset=1912-10-28=A poor, young boy goes on a field trip and dreams of escaping to a land beyond the sunset.
The Mender of Nets=1912-02-14=A young woman who works mending fishermen's nets is engaged to be married. But her fiancé has an old love who refuses to let him go. Further, his former girlfriend has a brother who is willing to use violence to protect his sister's honor.
Pianomania=2009-01-28=Pianomania takes the audience on a humorous journey through the secret world of sound and accompanies Stefan Knüpfer in his extraordinary work with the greatest pianists in the world. To select the instrument that corresponds to the vision of the virtuoso, according it to his desire and accompany him until he goes on stage, Stefan Knüpfer has developed nerves of steel, a boundless passion and above ability to translate words into sounds.
Big Pun: The Legacy=2009-09-01="His rhymes caught the attention of millions. His flow is un-matched by any. His story is captivating and triumphant. ""Big Pun: The Legacy"" chronicles the life of the Grammy Nominated artist ""Big Pun"" aka Christopher Rios, a Puerto Rican from the Bronx who made history by becoming the first Latino rapper to sell over a million records."
Victoire de la vie=1937-12-31=In this propaganda film intended to raise money for republicans fighting in the Spanish Civil War, Henri Cartier-Bresson first presents the achievements of the Spanish Republic in the field of public health. He then shows how members of the public and organizations across the world were supporting the fighters.
極黒の翼 バルキサス=1987-07-24=After her village is destroyed and all its residents slaughtered by the evil wizard Gardein and his master The Dark Lord, a warrior known as Lemnear, The Silver Champion, vows to find and kill them both to avenge the massacre.
Skins=2002-01-14=An inspirational tale about the relationship between two Sioux Indian brothers living on the Pine Ridge Indian reservation.
On the Beach=1959-12-16=In 1964, atomic war wipes out humanity in the northern hemisphere; one American submarine finds temporary safe haven in Australia, where life-as-usual covers growing despair. In denial about the loss of his wife and children in the holocaust, American Captain Towers meets careworn but gorgeous Moira Davidson, who begins to fall for him. The sub returns after reconnaissance a month (or less) before the end; will Towers and Moira find comfort with each other?
Chapter 27=2007-01-25="The movie takes place in the three days leading up to Lennon's murder and is intended to be an exploration of Chapman's psyche, without putting substantial emphasis on the murder. The title ""Chapter 27"" suggests a continuation of J.D. Salinger's novel The Catcher in the Rye, which has 26 chapters, and which Chapman was carrying when he shot Lennon. Chapman was obsessed with the book, to the point"
Upperseven, l'uomo da uccidere=1966-02-24=Paul Hubsschmid is Paul Finney aka Upperseven, master of disguise. He's out to stop a diamond smuggling operation which fronts for a missile building project.
چهارشنبه سوری=2006-02-08=On the day before their holiday trip to Dubai, a wife who believes her husband is unfaithful enlists the help of Roohi, a young woman sent by an agency to clean the house. She asks Roohi to make an appointment and gather information at the salon of the woman she suspects. Roohi is betrothed, innocent of marital discord. Over the course of the day, she, the couple, their small son, the wife's sister and husband, and the beautician engage in a series of exchanges, confrontations, and prevarications. Are the wife's suspicions unwarranted; is her behavior imperiling her marriage? Acts of kindness may go awry. And the trip to Dubai?
Vipers=2008-01-01=Vipers is a 2008 film directed by Bill Corcoran. It stars Tara Reid and Corbin Bernsen. It premiered on the Sci Fi Channel on September 21, 2008, and was released on DVD on September 23, 2008. A set of vipers has been taken by the scientists, and they've mutated them to make a cure for cancer, Then their experiment goes awry, and all these vipers escape into the woods, and they're not only biting people, they're actually killing people, in a little town
Casablanca Express=1989-12-22=It is 1942 and the conflict between the U.S. and Germany is getting heated, U.S. Intelligence soon discovers that the Natzis are planning to capture Winston Churchill.  In order to protect him they send commando Al Cooper to guard Churchill who is going by train to Casablanca where he will meet with Roosevelt and Stalin.
Le vieil homme et l'enfant=1967-03-08=A story of the caring friendship formed between a crusty, old anti-Semite and an eight-year-old Jewish boy who goes to live with him during World War II.
Last Holiday=2006-01-13=After she's diagnosed with a terminal illness, a shy woman decides to take a European vacation.
Welcome to THE SPACE SHOW (Uchû shô e yôkoso)=2010-02-18=Five children save the life of a dog-like alien while at a self-run summer camp. He attempts to reward them by taking them to an alien colony on the Moon. Events take a turn for the worse when his report on that attack that injured him causes passage from the Moon to the Earth to be banned, and children are stranded in space. The children need to find a way back home before camp ends and their parents discover that they are missing. They also have to avoid the poachers that injured their alien friend, and now seem to be stalking them all.
ABCs of Death 2=2014-10-02=Taking all that was great from the first installment, ABCs OF DEATH 2 aims to be a wilder, leaner, faster paced and even more entertaining anthology this time around, with a new crop of award-winning, visionary filmmakers from around the globe.
Rubbeldiekatz=2011-12-15="An actor's career takes a ""Tootsie""-like turn when he lets himself be cast as a woman in a movie."
Krishna Cottage=2004-07-30=During the year 1990 Professor-Author Siddharth Das releases his first book 'Kahi Unkahi Baatein' which contain a total of 10 short stories albeit with the last story 'Krishna Cottage
Mala Noche=1986-02-05=Mala Noche is the film debut from director Gus van Sant. The film portrays the unanswered love of an American man toward a young Mexican man.
Almost Normal=2005-05-26=A gay man approaching a mid-life crisis is tired of being different because he is gay. He wants to be normal. Suddenly he is yanked back in time to when he was in high school. But this time, the world is gay and to be straight is considered deviant behavior. Then something else happens. He meets a girl. And suddenly normal becomes ...well almost normal.
Diplomatic Siege=1999-11-17=When Steve Mitchell is clandestinely sent to the US embassy in Bucharest, Romania to disarm a nuclear bomb that has secretly remained in the building since the end of the Cold War, little does he know that other problems will soon erupt. He must join Erica Long, a diplomatic attaché who is not all that she appears, to work together on setting the correct computer code that will disable the weapon and accomplish the mission. But while watching video monitors from inside a long-forgotten surveillance room, Steve witnesses a surprising deadly takeover of the building by the Serbian Liberation Front.
Srpski film=2010-06-16=Milos, a retired porn star, leads a normal family life trying to make ends meet. Presented with the opportunity of a lifetime to financially support his family for the rest of their lives, Milos must participate in one last mysterious film. From then on, Milos is drawn into a maelstrom of unbelievable cruelty and mayhem.
Doomsday=2008-03-14=A lethal virus spreads throughout the British isles,infecting millions and killing hundreds of thousands. To contain the threat, acting authorities brutally quarantine the country as it succumbs to fear and chaos. The quarantine is successful. Three decades later, the Reaper virus violently resurfaces in a major city. An elite group of specialists is urgently dispatched into the still-quarantined country to retrieve a cure by any means necessary. Shut off from the rest of the world, the unit must battle through a landscape that has become a waking nightmare.
Breaking Point=1975-10-12=Bob has snapped and teeters on the edge of reality. An unassuming office worker and train enthusiast leads a double life as a schizophrenic and misogynist killer
My Son, My Son, What Have Ye Done=2009-09-06=Brad (Michael Shannon) has committed murder and barricaded himself inside his house. With the help of his friends and neighbours, the cops piece together the strange tale of how this nice young man arrived at such a dark place; Based on a true story, this gripping and unnerving blend of deadpan comedy, melodrama and raw tragedy is fleshed out by an expert cast, including Willem Dafoe and Chloe Sevigny
Don't Hug Me I'm Scared 5=2015-10-14=The puppets learn about eating healthy.
Out of Sync=2000-07-12=Roger Deacon, a down-and-out record producer, is given the job of making a singing star out of an industry mogul's girlfriend, an attractive but talentless starlet. He discovers a housewife with a powerful singing voice and decides to secretly use her to lip sync the other woman's voice for record recordings as a path to fame for her and him.
Shrek the Third=2007-05-17=The King of Far Far Away has died and Shrek and Fiona are to become King &amp; Queen. However, Shrek wants to return to his cozy swamp and live in peace and quiet, so when he finds out there is another heir to the throne, they set off to bring him back to rule the kingdom.
Astérix et les Vikings=2006-04-05=Asterix and Obelix have been given a tough mission: Transform the chief's lazy nephew Justforkix into a warrior. When the Vikings abduct him and bring him back to their homeland, Asterix and Obelix must travel to Norway to rescue Justforkix.
Gore Vidal: The United States of Amnesia=2013-08-04=Anchored by intimate, one-on-one interviews with the man himself, Nicholas Wrathall’s new documentary is a fascinating and wholly entertaining tribute to the iconic Gore Vidal. Commentary by those who knew him best—including filmmaker/nephew Burr Steers and the late Christopher Hitchens—blends with footage from Vidal’s legendary on-air career to remind us why he will forever stand as one of the most brilliant and fearless critics of our time.
Stitch! The Movie=2003-08-26="The continuing adventures of Lilo, a little Hawaiian girl, and Stitch, the galaxy's most wanted extraterrestrial. Stitch, Pleakley, and Dr. Jumba are all part of the household now. But what Lilo and Stitch don't know is that Dr. Jumba brought one of his alien ""experiments"" to Hawaii."
Four Boys and a Gun=1957-01-01=Four friends are involved in a robbery that resulted in the killing of a police officer.
The Revenge of the Teenage Vixens from Outer Space=1985-01-01=The Vixens are coming! They've landed on earth to wreak havoc on the male student bodies of Mayfield High. You see, there are no men on their native planet, and every so often, they'll visit earth to fulfill their ravenous desires. Unfortunately, the adolescent boys are no match for these lustful aliens, and in their frustration, the Vixens zap them with their ray guns and turn them into garden variety vegetables--tomatoes, zucchinis, carrots, pickles, even squash!
Paris Playboys=1954-03-07=Sach is the exact double of a famous French scientist who has invented a powerful rocket fuel. Enemy agents, mistaking Sach for the scientist, attempt to kidnap him and get the formula for the fuel.
The Last Picture Show=1971-10-03=The coming of age of a youth named Sonny in a small Texas town in the 1950s.
And Now The Screaming Starts=1973-04-26=In the late 18th century, two newlyweds move into the stately mansion of husband Charles Fengriffen. The bride, Catherine, falls victim to a curse placed by a wronged servant on the Fengriffen family and all its descendants.
Flight Command=1940-12-27=A rookie flyer, Ens. Alan Drake, joins the famous Hellcats Squadron right out of flight school in Pensacola. He doesn't make a great first impression when he is forced to ditch his airplane and parachute to safety when he arrives at the base but is unable to land due to heavy fog. On his first day on the job, his poor shooting skills results in the Hellcats losing an air combat competition. His fellow pilots accept him anyways but they think he's crossed the line when they erroneously conclude that while their CO Billy Gray is away, Drake has an affair with his wife Lorna. Drake is now an outcast and is prepared to resign from the Navy but his extreme heroism in saving Billy Gray's life turns things around.
The Bachelor=2016-12-01=A mistake made by the bride rejoins 4 old friends of disaster and a father in law! 5 guys go to Thassaloniki to tear everything down. A father in law gets in a hearse in order to kill a love in the making. An ex-girlfriend dances tango with her memories as a partner. A cancelled wedding and a relationship that starts with the brides vail floating at the wind of independence.
MR 73=2007-01-01=A washed-up Marseilles cop (Auteuil) earns a chance at redemption by protecting a woman from the man who killed her parents as he is about to be released from prison.
La finestra di fronte=2003-02-27=Overburdened and stuck in a greying marriage, Giovanna takes to caring for a Jewish Holocaust survivor her husband brings home. As she begins to reflect on her life, she turns to the man who lives across from her.
Ushpizin=2004-07-11=In Jerusalem's orthodox neighborhoods, it's Succoth, seven days celebrating life's essentials in a sukkah, a temporary shack of both deprivation and hospitality. A devout couple, Moshe and Mali, married nearly five years and childless, are broke and praying for a miracle...
Dead Kids=1981-10-16=A scientist is experimenting with teenagers and turning them into murderers.
Gumball 3000: The Movie=2003-01-01=A 3000 mile race from San Francisco to Miami that took place in the Spring of 2003. 150 cars and stars created all kinds of mayhem and chaos over 6 days racing from coast to coast!
Who Was That Lady?=1960-04-15=In order to get back into the good graces with his wife with whom he has had a misunderstanding, a young chemistry professor concocts a wild story that he is an undercover FBI agent. To help him with his story he enlists the aid of a friend who is a TV writer. The wife swallows the story and the film's climax takes place in the sub-basements of the Empire State Building. The professor and his friend, believing themselves prisoners on an enemy submarine, patriotically try to scuttle the vessel and succeed only in rocking the building.
Quintet=1979-02-09=During a future ice age, dying humanity occupies its remaining time by playing a board game called Quintet. For one small group, this obsession is not enough. They play the game with living pieces, and only the winner survives.
Remember the Day=1941-12-25=Elderly schoolteacher Nora Trinell, waiting to meet presidential nominee Dewey Roberts, recalls him as her student back in 1916 and his relation to Dan Hopkins, the man she married and lost.
King of the Ants=2003-07-28=A young drifter, struggling to makes ends meet, accepts a job to kill a prominent accountant. When he isn't paid for the hit, revenge is now his path.
Muppet Treasure Island=1996-02-16=After telling the story of Flint's last journey to young Jim Hawkins, Billy Bones has a heart attack and dies just as Jim and his friends are attacked by pirates. The gang escapes into the town where they hire out a boat and crew to find the hidden treasure, which was revealed by Bones before he died. On their voyage across the seas, they soon find out that not everyone on board can be trusted.
Doug Stanhope: Oslo - Burning the Bridge to Nowhere=2011-05-03=Recorded in an abandoned factory in the Grünerløkka suburb of Oslo, Norway, this performance is as spontaneous and unhinged as anything Stanhope has ever done. Originally a sewing machine factory converted to a German WWII bunker, the setting for Oslo is anything but conventional. Whereas most comedy specials are filmed on an elaborate stage, Stanhope and Nikon Norway filled a dilapidated industrial space with lights and folding chairs, ultimately allowing the material be the focus of this release.
Messages Deleted=2009-02-05=A quivering voice begs to screenwriter, Joel Brandt, to pick up the phone on a message from his answering machine. Thinking it a prank, Joel deletes the message. The caller is found dead. Another caller leaves Joel a message; there is another murder...then another...then another. The killer has Joel's attention, and Joel has the attention of the police. Now the prime suspect in a series of murders, Joel discovers this psychotic killer has targeted him for a reason found within his body of work. Will Joel be able to re-write his ending, or be forced to pay the ultimate price?
Buddenbrooks=2008-12-25=Mid-19th-century, Baltic Sea port city of Lubeck, Germany. Follows the fourth generation of the Buddenbrook mercantile family as Tony and Thomas reach the age of marriage. Fatefully impeded every step of the way, the Buddenbrooks struggle as economic hardship and personal defeats weigh down family relations.
Young Cassidy=1965-02-25=Dublin playwright Sean O'Casey (Rod Taylor) loves a librarian (Maggie Smith), sleeps with a chorus girl (Julie Christie) and meets Yeats.
The Duel=2016-06-24=A Texas Ranger investigates a series of unexplained deaths in a town called Helena.
Fritz Lang=2016-04-14=Filmmaker Fritz Lang seeks inspiration for his first sound film by immersing himself in the case of serial killer Peter Kürten.
Jack Brown: Genius=1994-07-11=A thousand years ago, in England, the crazy monk Elmer wears a pair of wings and tries to fly from a high tower. He dies, and his soul is doomed to the eternity in hell for committing suicide. In the present days, in New Zeland, Elmer has the last chance to prove that men can fly and save his soul: his spirit enters in the brain of a very intelligent inventor, Jack Brown, and forces him to try to fly. Jack uses his last creation, an amplifier in a tape record, to succeed in the journey, but his invention is strongly desired by his former boss and his lover, who want to sell it to a Chinese investor. Jack's girlfriend helps him to accomplish his intent.
Summer School=1987-07-22="A high-school gym teacher has big plans for the summer, but is forced to cancel them to teach a ""bonehead"" English class for misfit goof-off students. Fortunately, his unconventional brand of teaching fun field trips begins to connect with them, and even inspires ardor in some."
Rossini, oder die mörderische Frage, wer mit wem schlief=1997-01-23=Zigeuner is on the hunt for the woman of his dreams, a woman who should also play the main role in the film. Meanwhile, ruthless producer Oskar Reiter wants to buy the film rights at all costs - and he is struggling for the love of the beautiful Valerie.
Zootopia=2016-02-11=Determined to prove herself, Officer Judy Hopps, the first bunny on Zootopia's police force, jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery.
Binky Nelson Unpacified=2015-11-04=Little baby needs his pacifier, but loses it during a heist in a museum. What will he do?  Short #3 from the 'Minions: 3 Mini-Movie Collection'.
Sense and Sensibility=1995-12-13=Rich Mr. Dashwood dies, leaving his second wife and her daughters poor by the rules of inheritance. Two daughters are the titular opposites.
Gaslight=1944-05-04=In the late 19th century, Paula Alquist is studying music in Italy, but ends up abandoning her classes because she's fallen in love with the gallant Gregory Anton. The couple marries and moves to England to live in a home inherited by Paula from her aunt, herself a famous singer, who was mysteriously murdered in the house ten years before. Though Paula is certain that she sees the house's gaslights dim every evening and that there are strange noises coming from the attic, Gregory convinces Paula that she's imagining things. Meanwhile, a Scotland Yard inspector, Brian Cameron, becomes sympathetic to Paula's plight.
Jungle Man-Eaters=1954-06-01=Jungle Jim does battle with a would-be diamond smuggler and a renegade tribe.
The Image=1975-09-10=Jean discovers that Anne cannot get enough of being humiliated by her mistress, Claire. Gentleman that he is, he decides to partake in the activities. Ultimately, Claire surrenders to him as well.
Never a Dull Moment=1968-06-26=When practicing for a role, actor Jack is mistaken for the killer Ace. He doesn't realize this until it's too late and is carried off to gangster boss Leo Smooth, who wants Ace to do a job for him. Fearing for his life, Jack plays his role, but always searching for a way out of the well-guarded house. - By: Tom Zoerner
Doghouse=2009-06-11=Six men with mid-life anxiety set out for a weekend in the country in an attempt to reconnect with their masculinity. What they find is a catastrophe so horrible and bizarre that a mid-life crisis turns out to be exactly what they need to survive it...
Kill 'em All=2017-05-08=After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger (Van Damme) arrives at a local hospital on the brink of death. Then, a foreign gang brazenly comes to the hospital to hunt him down. His nurse, the sole surviving witness to the follow-up shootout, must face an FBI interrogation that unlocks a plot of international intrigue and revenge. With enough twists and turns, KILL'EM ALL will keep you guessing until the final bullet is fired.
Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace=1999-05-19=Anakin Skywalker, a young slave strong with the Force, is discovered on Tatooine. Meanwhile, the evil Sith have returned, enacting their plot for revenge against the Jedi.
Shoot to Kill=1947-03-15=A gritty crime story involving a newspaper man and crooked politicians.
Wenecja=2010-05-25=An atmospheric coming-of-age story featuring an imaginative young boy named Marek who dreams of escaping an increasingly dangerous Poland on the eve of war for beautiful Venice.
The Battle for Marjah=2010-01-01=Tells the story of Operation Moshtarak, the biggest operation since the start of the Afghanistan war, whose main target was the Taliban stronghold of Marjah. For two months, VBS correspondent Ben Anderson got to know the American forces behind Operation Moshtarak and filmed the brutal realities of their life on the front lines.
Kaybedenler Kulübü=2011-03-23=Kaan and Mete, co-hosts of a mid 1990s radio show called Kaybedenler Kulübü (Losers' Club), struggle to deal with their daily lives after their show becomes an instant hit. Kaan meets Zeynep, the girl of his dreams, but their relationship comes under pressure as the show continues to stir controversy and attract fans from every segment of Istanbul society.
Notre jour viendra=2010-09-15=Redheaded teen Remy is bullied by his soccer teammates and drawn into fights with his younger sister and mother in their cramped apartment. After a flare-up of domestic violence, he flees home and is tracked down by a bitter guidance counselor, Patrick, also a redhead. Patrick looks upon Remy’s sullen insolence with both sympathy and disdain and decides to toughen him up...
Mrs. Pollifax: Spy=1971-05-21=Mrs. Pollifax-Spy (1971) is a comedy film directed by Leslie H. Martinson, starring Rosalind Russell and Darren McGavin, and released by United Artists. This was Russell's last theatrical film role, with one TV movie in 1972. Russell adapted the novel The Unexpected Mrs. Pollifax, written by Dorothy Gilman under the pseudonym C. A. McKnight.
Hubble 3D=2010-03-19=Through the power of IMAX® 3D, Hubble 3D will enable movie-goers to journey through distant galaxies to explore the grandeur and mysteries of our celestial surroundings, and accompany space-walking astronauts as they attempt the most difficult and important tasks in NASA’s history. The film will offer an inspiring and unique look into the Hubble Space Telescope’s legacy and highlight its profound impact on the way we view the universe and ourselves. Narrated by Leonardo DiCaprio, Hubble 3D reunites the Space Station 3D filmmaking team, led by Producer/Director Toni Myers. James Neihouse, Director of Photography, also doubles as the Astronaut crew trainer. Judy Carroll is Associate Producer, and Graeme Ferguson, Co-founder of IMAX and pioneer Producer of many IMAX space films, is Executive Producer. Hubble 3D is an IMAX and Warner Bros. Pictures production, in cooperation with National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
Phas Gaye Re Obama=2010-11-01=Phase Gaye Re Obama is a comedy set against the backdrop of global recession/meltdown that originated in USA. The film traces the journey of OM Shashtri, an American citizen of Indian origin, who loses all his wealth overnight to the global recession &amp; has been asked to vacate his home by the bank unless he pays up $100,000 (mortgaged amount) within 30 days. Seeing no other option Om comes to India to sell a small piece of an ancestral property. But within days of landing in India he is kidnapped by a 'recession-hit' underworld gang those who think that he is still a millionaire. What happens to Om, is he able to save his home, how did the 'poor' gangster cope with their 'poor' catch &amp; what do small town Indian gangsters have to say to President Obama...is largely forms the rest of the story. The film, showcases how global recession/ meltdown impacted lives from an America based businessman to underworld dons in the dusty plains of small town India.
Profundo carmesí=1996-01-01=The life of a man who preys on unsuspecting women for a living is changed when he finds an accomplice in the woman who loves and controls him.
Hector and the Search for Happiness=2014-08-14=Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend, Clara, he feels like a fraud: he hasn’t really tasted life, and yet he’s offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity, he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results.
Hadj Cheriff=1894-10-05=Hadji Cheriff, a performer known for a variety of unusual abilities, demonstrates part of his act in the Thomas Edison studio. He has a large knife in his hand at the opening of the act. He then hurls the knife away and begins a rapid series of dance-like motions, executing numerous cartwheels and whirling movements.
La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano=1998-10-28=The story of a virtuoso piano player who lives his entire life aboard an ocean liner. Born and raised on the ship, 1900 (Tim Roth) learned about the outside world through interactions with passengers, never setting foot on land, even for the love of his life. Years later, the ship may be destroyed, and a former band member fears that 1900 may still be aboard, willing to go down with the ship.
Anjaana Anjaani=2010-09-24=Akash (Ranbir Kapoor) and Kiara (Priyanka Chopra) are trying to find luck in their life after several failed attempts to be successful in their careers and in love. Fed up, they both decide to commit suicide by jumping off a bridge. However, both land up on the same bridge at the same time.
Cenizas del Paraiso=1997-08-07=A judge falls from the roof of the Federal Courthouse. A woman is murdered. Between them and the three sons of the judge there is a connection that will be investigated by a woman judge who is determined to discover the truth.
The Flight Before Christmas=2015-12-01=Two strangers who both happen to be in marketing, share a room at a bed-and-breakfast when a snowstorm strands their flight in Montana on Christmas Eve.
千と千尋の神隠し=2001-07-20=A ten year old girl who wanders away from her parents along a path that leads to a world ruled by strange and unusual monster-like animals. Her parents have been changed into pigs along with others inside a bathhouse full of these creatures. Will she ever see the world how it once was?
The Replacements=2000-08-07=Maverick old-guard coach Jimmy McGinty is hired in the wake of a players' strike to help the Washington Sentinels advance to the playoffs. But that impossible dream hinges on whether his replacements can hunker down and do the job. So, McGinty dusts off his secret dossier of ex-players who never got a chance (or screwed up the one they were given) and knits together a bad-dream team of guys who just may give the Sentinels their title shot.
Messi=2014-09-06=His teachers, coaches, childhood friends and Barça teammates, together with journalists, writers and prominent figures from the history of football, come together in a restaurant to analyze and pick apart Messi's personality both on and off the field, and to look back at some of the most significant moments in his life. Viewed from Álex de la Iglesia's unique perspective, Messi recreates the player's childhood and teenage years, from his very first steps, with a football always at his feet, through to the decision to leave Rosario for Barcelona, the separation from his family, and the role played in his career by individuals such as Ronaldinho, Rijkaard, Rexach and Guardiola.
Holiday For Lovers=1959-07-24=Clifton Webb as a strict, conservative father heads the cast of this 1959 comedy, about an American family vacationing in South America. Directed by Henry Levin, the film also features Jane Wyman, Jill St. John, Carol Lynley, Paul Henreid, Gary Crosby, Henny Backus, Wally Brown, Gardner McKay and Jose Greco.
Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves=1997-03-18=The joke's on absent-minded scientist Wayne Szalinski when his troublesome invention shrinks him, his brother and their wives so effectively that their children think they've completely disappeared. Of course, this gives the kids free rein to do anything they want, unaware that their parents are watching every move.
Winterschläfer=1997-10-30=Young blonde translator Rebecca lives with her boyfriend ski instructor Marco in a mountain villa owned by her friend, nurse Laura. Rene, local cinema projectionist, steals Marco's car and gets into a car crash with local Theo, whose daughter, after being in coma for a time, dies. Rene suffers from partial short term memory loss and starts a relationship with Laura. Meanwhile Marco is looking for the man who stole his car and Theo - for the man who killed his daughter...
Ratcatcher=1999-11-12=Set in Glasgow during the mid 70s, Ratcatcher is seen through the eyes of twelve-year-old James Gillespie (William Eadie), a young boy haunted by a secret. Feeling increasingly distant from his family, his only escape comes with the discovery of a new housing development on the outskirts of town where he has the freedom to lose himself in his own world.
Pinocchio=1940-02-23="Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answered when the Blue Fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet Pinocchio to life. Before becoming a real boy, however, Pinocchio must prove he's worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience, Jiminy Cricket. From Stromboli's circus to Pleasure Island, Pinocchio is tested by many temptations, but slowly learns how to navigate right from wrong. With a few mishaps along the way, Geppetto's ""little woodenhead"" finally gets it right, proving that when you wish upon a star dreams really can come true!"
The (Dead Mothers) Club=2014-05-12=Three women whose paths never cross, yet are bound by the shared experience of losing their mothers during adolescence, exploring each one’s sometimes-complex relationship with her mother.
Bellas Mariposas=2012-09-06=3 August, Cagliari: a poor neighborhood. At three in the morning eleven-year-old Cate is woken by the screams of her eccentric neighbor. Cate wants to run away from that apartment, from her numerous and problematic siblings and her tyrannical father. Only Gigi, a neighbor, is worthy of her love. She does not want to end up like her sister Mandarina, who got pregnant at thirteen. Or like Samantha, the neighborhood sex siren. And today, on 3 August, Gigi’s life is in danger: Tonio, Cate’s brother, wants to kill him. Cate warns Luna, her best friend. The two of them spend the longest day of their lives between the city, the sea and a thousand adventures. But her beloved Gigi is in danger. And when everything seems lost, during the night a beautiful woman appears out of nowhere: the mysterious Aleni, a witch who apparently can see into people’s futures...
Le tournoi=2015-04-29=Budapest International Chess Tournament. The most likely winner: Cal Fournier (22), French champion, immature genius, socially awkward, compulsive player. But this time, an unusual 9-years-old Hungarian opponent disrupts this smooth-running routine.
Viva Laldjerie=2004-01-01=This movie portrays three women living in today's Algeria between modern society and Islamic fundamentalism, self-determination and dependence. Goucem, a young woman who works for a photographer and mistress of a rich doctor, her mother Papicha, a former cabaret star, and her best friend Fifi, a prostitute, all live in a hotel in the city center of Algiers. Their difficult personal situation and the growing influence of Islam lead to dramatic consequences...
Casa Grande=2014-01-28=As a privileged teenager living in an affluent suburb of Rio de Janeiro, Jean has little to worry about beyond games, grades and girls. But as his overbearing father drags the family into debt, Jean is forced into a change of lifestyle which opens his eyes to the world beyond his 'casa grande' - not least that of the feisty, mixed-race firecracker Luiza. Cultures, classes and generations collide in this engrossing coming-of-age drama from Brazil.
Clandestinos=2007-01-01=Three boys escape from a youth prison in Spain, and head for the city of Madrid. Xabi and Joel, both Spanish, and an Arabic boy named Driss, quickly meet up with some eccentric people on the road. Joel, and the very cute and lovable Driss have no trouble hooking up with a couple girls that don't at all mind if the two handsome guys stay with them. The quietly intense Xabi, however, is dealing with some darker demons, and his personal reason for escaping the prison soon becomes apparent.
The 'Teddy' Bears=1907-03-02=A combination of the story of Goldlocks and the Three Bears with the true story of how Teddy Roosevelt spared a bear cub after killing its mother while hunting, an event which led to the popularization of the teddy bear. Goldilocks goes to sleep in the bears' home after watching six teddy bears dance and do acrobatics, viewing them through a knothole in the wall. When she is awoken by the returning bear family, they give chase through the woods, but she runs to the aid of the Old Rough Rider, who saves her.
VeggieTales: Where's God When I'm Scared=1993-12-21="Whether it's a giant Frankencelery from a scary movie or a hungry den of lions from Ancient Babylon, Junior Asparagus learns we can trust God with all of our fears and that He really is ""bigger than the boogey-man!"""
藍色大門=2002-09-27=An is-she-or-isn't-she gay comedy focused on a Taiwanese teen, the boy she might like, and the girl she may love.
Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me - The Missing Pieces=2014-07-29=The long-awaited missing pieces from the original version of the film – nearly an hour-and-a-half of deleted/alternate scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me – often referred to as the “holy grail” of Twin Peaks fandom.
A Fairly Odd Christmas=2012-11-23=After Timmy Turner causes Santa amnesia he must become the new Santa in order to save Christmas.
Witless Protection=2008-02-22=The story centers on a small-town sheriff who witnesses what he believes is a kidnapping and rushes to rescue a woman. The kidnappers turn out to be FBI agents assigned to protect her and deliver her to a big Enron-type corruption trial in Chicago but are later found to be on the take and are villains who are bent on killing her
Friends and Family=2001-06-17=Children and parents. In New York City, Stephen and Danny live well: they're smooth, cool, in love, and good at what they do. Stephen's Midwestern parents pay them a surprise visit. Meanwhile, Jenny and Matt tell their parents they are engaged: Matt's parents, Midwestern paramilitary fanatics, take it as a sign to gather their group to invade New York. Jenny's father is the local Mob boss who employs Stephen and Danny as enforcers. He's unhappy that Jenny is marrying someone who is neither Sicilian nor Catholic. Stephen's parents know he's gay, they just don't know what his job is. Here come the parents; will the children survive? All roads lead to the engagement party.
How to Win the US Presidency=2016-08-01=This whimsical look at rough-and-tumble American politics examines the influence of money, religion and even ancient Rome on presidential campaigns.
The Lorax=2012-03-01=A 12-year-old boy searches for the one thing that will enable him to win the affection of the girl of his dreams. To find it he must discover the story of the Lorax, the grumpy yet charming creature who fights to protect his world.
La polizia accusa: il servizio segreto uccide=1975-04-05=A small yet strange series of deaths of people working for the Ministry of Defense and the military hits Italy. Since all of the deaths seem to be accidental or suicides, no alarm bells start to ring anywhere. That's a problem, because the deaths are in fact murders and we the viewers the only witnesses.  The Roman cop Solmi (Luc Merenda) is as unsuspecting as anyone else, until he is starting to investigate the death of the private detective Chiarotti.
Never Weaken=1921-10-22="Our hero (Lloyd) is infatuated with a girl in the next office. In order to drum up business for her boss, an osteopath, he gets an actor friend to pretend injuries that the doctor ""cures"", thereby building a reputation. When he hears that his girl is marrying another, he decides to commit suicide and spends the bulk of the film in thrilling, failed attempts."
The Texican=1966-11-01=Wanted north of the border, Jess Carlin resides safely in Mexico. Then he hears his brother was killed in a gunfight with another man. Knowning his brother never carried a gun he heads north to find his brother's killer. After battling bounty hunters he arrives in Rimrock, a town controlled by Luke Starr. Starr is the man he wants but he unable to find any evidence until he is given an item found by his brother's body.
The Sins of Rachel Cade=1961-04-02=A female doctor in the Congo is torn between two loves.
Laid to Rest=2009-04-02=A terrifying story of a young girl who wakes up in a casket with a traumatic head injury and no memory of her identity. She quickly realizes she was abducted by a Deranged Serial Murderer and in an isolated rural town she must survive the night and outsmart the technologically inclined killer who is hellbent on finishing what he started.
कभी अलविदा ना कहना=2006-08-11=Dev and Maya are both married to different people. Settled into a life of domestic ritual, and convinced that they are happy in their respective relationships, they still yearn for something deeper and more meaningful, which is precisely what they find in each other.
Love Affair=1939-04-07=French playboy Michel Marnet and American Terry McKay fall in love during the transatlantic passage of a ship. They arrange to reunite six months later, if neither has changed their mind.
犬夜叉 鏡の中の夢幻城=2002-12-22=With their most formidable foe vanquished, Inuyasha and his comrades begin returning to their everyday lives. But their peace is fleeting as another adversary emerges: Kaguya, the self-proclaimed princess from the Moon of Legend, hatches a plot to plunge the world into an eternal night of the full moon. Inuyasha, Kagome, Miroku, Sango and Shippou must reunite to confront the new menace.
Soul Man=1986-10-24=Soul Man is a comedy film made in 1986 about a man who undergoes racial transformation with pills to qualify for an African-American-only scholarship at Harvard Law School. It stars C. Thomas Howell, Rae Dawn Chong, Arye Gross, James Earl Jones, Leslie Nielsen, and Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
Pocket Ninjas=1997-03-25="Somewhere in New Jersey, a group masked rollerblading children ""save the universe"" by training to fight the evil Cobra Khan through a series of action-packed montages.  Along the way they hypothesize some slapstick hijinks in a balloon factory, and save the day through a hypothetical Sonic Virtual Reality battle.  A real treat!"
Tintin et le Mystère de la Toison d'or=1961-12-06=Tintin and Captain Haddock try to discover what is so desirable about their old and apparently worthless ship.
Matilda=1996-08-02=A grouchy couple are parents to a very sweet girl, Matilda. Unlike her bratty brother and mean parents, Matilda becomes a very sweet and extremely intelligent 6 year old girl, who is very keen to go to school and read books. After a while, her parents send her to school with the worst principal in the world, a very sweet teacher, and good friends. While trying to put up with her parents' and principal's cruelty, she starts to unwittingly unleash telekinetic powers, destroying a television and making a newt fly onto the principal. With enough practice, Matilda starts to learn to control her telekinetic powers and soon using them on her principal so she can drive her away from the school.
My Little Chickadee=1940-02-09=Set in the American Old West of the 1880s, Miss Flower Belle Lee (Mae West) is on her way to visit relatives out west. While she is traveling on a stagecoach a masked bandit on horseback holds up the stage for its shipment of gold. As he makes his getaway with the gold, he takes Flower Belle with him. Flower Belle then walks into town under suspicion of being in collusion with the bandit.
恋する・ヴァンパイア=2015-04-17=Kiira seems like an ordinary young girl, who likes to talk with her friends and to dress up. Her ultimate goal is to become the world's best baker, but what differentiates her from others is that she is a vampire. She has never told anyone her secret, including her childhood friend Tetsu, whom she played with everyday and liked as a child. After her parents died when Kiira was only 12-years-old, she had to go live with her relatives and lost contact with Tetsu.  Now, 8 years later, Tetsu appears at the bakery where Kiira is working part-time. Kiira is ecstatic to see her first love again. Soon, they are dating and Kiira dreams of having a family with Tetsu. Kiira also becomes filled with worries because she is vampire.
The Lottery=1996-09-29=On his deathbed in the hospital, Jason's father asks that his ashes be spread over the top of his wife's grave. Jason, who came to the city with his father at a young age, remembers little of the town or his mother, but he undertakes the charge. It is an idyllic place, but gradually snips of memory return, until he remembers the significance of the fact that most of the tombstones in the town cemetery, including his mothers, bear the same day and month, one death each year. Caught up in the memory of the lottery he saw as a child, and the one he is trapped in today, escape is difficult and retribution is... Written by Bruce Cameron
لباسی برای عروسی‎‎=1976-01-01=A woman orders a suit from a tailor for her young son to wear to her sister's wedding. The tailor's apprentice, together with two other teenage boys who work in the same building, devise a plan to try on the suit at night to see what it feels like.
오감도=2009-07-09="In this anthology film centered around the theme of ""Eros,"" five seperate stories are presented by five top Korean directors. The main characters from each segment are connected with each other in one way or another."
Android Apocalypse=2006-06-24=Machines have taken over, but left humans thinking that they are still the ones in charge. The androids need humans because of the human brain fluid; without it the android brains can't work. Until the mad scientist finds out how to make this brain fluid artificially that is.
Beatdown=2010-08-31=Brandon, a respected street fighter, is forced to flee the city after his brother is murdered and the money that was supposed to be paid back to a local gangster is stolen. While lying low at his father's house in a small Southern town, Brandon soon gets involved in the local underground cage-fighting circuit. With the help of Drake Colby, a former MMA champion, Brandon devises a scheme to bring a massive payday, if they are able to survive.
The Kiss=1988-10-14=Teenager Amy Halloran’s mother is killed in a car crash while going to meet her sister Felice, a top fashion model. Not long after, Amy’s father meets Felice at the graveside and invites her to move in. Amy develops a dislike of Felice, particularly after she seduces her father. She comes to believe that Felice is using African magic to kill off her friends and is now trying to possess her.
Attack of the Giant Leeches=1959-10-01=In a community nearby a swamp, a local dweller sees a couple of giant monsters but nobody believes on his words. Later, the cuckold Dave Walker (Bruno Ve Sota) finds his slut wife Liz Walker (Yvette Vickers) cheating him with his friend Cal Moulton (Michael Emmett). He chases the couple through the swamp, and forces them to jump into the water. The leeches attack them, and the shocked Dave is arrested, accused of murder. Two other locals decide to look for the bodies of Liz and Cal to get the prize of US$ 50.00 per body, and also vanish in the swamp. Finally, Sheriff Steve Benton (Ken Clark) organizes a patrol to investigate the caves under the swamp, finding the lethal giant leeches.
The Hunt for Eagle One=2006-01-17=A group of US Marines are sent to rescue captured a US Marine and a Filipino Captain while stopping a group of Al-Qaeda-backed local rebels from launching biological weapons.
Small Fry=2011-11-23=A fast food restaurant mini variant of Buzz forcibly switches places with the real Buzz and his friends have to deal with the obnoxious impostor.
Boys Life 2=1997-03-07="Compilation of four short films about homoerotic situations involving young men. In ""Trevor"", by Peggy Rajski, a teenager faces homophobia and falls in love for the first time. Tom DeCerchio directed ""Nunzio's Second Cousin"", telling the story of a gay cop who forces a gay-basher to come to his house and have dinner with his family. In ""Alkali, Iowa"", by Mark Christopher, a young gay man finds out some of his father's past secrets. And ""Must Be the Music"", by Nickolas Perry, follows four teenagers looking for love in nightclubs."
Le Dîner de cons=1998-04-15="Each week, Pierre and his friends organize what is called as ""un dîner de cons"". Everyone brings the dumbest guy he could find as a guest. Pierre thinks his champ -François Pignon- will steal the show."
Kaasua, Komisario Palmu=1961-08-30="The prequel, Komisario Palmun erehdys (1960), was a huge success, but its producer T.J. Särkkä forgot to reserve the filming rights of Mika Waltari's other Palmu-novel ""Kuka murhasi rouva Skrofin"". Mauno Mäkelä bought the rights and Kaasua, komisario Palmu (1961) was filmed under Fennada-Filmi."
Muhammad Ali - The Greatest=1969-11-21=Universally accepted as a true icon of the 20th century, Muhammad Ali’s phenomenal achievements spanned sport, politics and religion. One man – photographer William Klein had comprehensive access to the events that shaped Ali’s legend.  In 1964, the young gregarious Cassius Clay successfully defeated the seemingly invincible Heavyweight Champion of the World Sonny Liston – the manner of Clay’s victory and his amazing persona made him an instant superstar. Through this incredible period, and Clay’s subsequent rematches with Liston, William Klein enjoyed unrivalled access top Clay’s camp – witnessing at first hand Cassius Clay becoming Muhammad Ali and angering the American people with his allegiance to Islam. Forward to Zaire 1974, and the return of Muhammad Ali to the world stage to face another invincible champion George Foreman. As Ali reclaimed the crown for a second time, Klein was ever present, capturing the full story at close quarter.
Maniac=1980-11-07=A psychotic man, troubled by his childhood abuse, loose in NYC, kills young women and takes their scalps as trophies. Will he find the perfect woman in photographer Anna, and end his killing spree?
Caraibi=1999-01-03=Two brothers fell in love with the same woman, who was nearly killed by one of them in an accident. After the two men parted in anger, they meet years later when one is a famous pirate and the other one is a soldier who needs to hunt him down...
Hardware=1990-09-14=It was the movie that stunned audiences, shocked the MPAA and marked the debut of one of the most uncompromising filmmakers in modern horror. Golden Globe winner Dylan McDermott (The Practice) stars as a post-apocalyptic scavenger who brings home a battered cyborg skull for his metal-sculptor girlfriend. But this steel scrap contains the brain of the M.A.R.K. 13, the military's most ferocious bio-mechanical combat droid. It is cunning, cruel and can reassemble itself. Tonight, it is reborn....and no flesh shall be spared. Stacey Travis (Ghost World) co-stars - along with appearances by Iggy Pop, Lemmy of Motörhead and music by Ministry and Public Image Ltd.
What About Dick?=2012-11-13=What About Dick? begins with the birth of a sex toy invented in Shagistan in 1898 by Deepak Rushdie Obi Ben Kingsley (Eddie Izzard), and tells the story of the subsequent decline of the British Empire as seen through the eyes of a Piano. The Piano (Eric Idle) narrates the tale of Dick (Russell Brand); his two cousins: Emma, (Jane Leeves) an emotionally retarded English girl; her kleptomaniac sister Helena (Sophie Winkleman) and their dipsomaniac Aunt Maggie (Tracey Ullman) who all live together in a large, rambling, Edwardian novel.  When the Reverend Whoopsie (Tim Curry) discovers a piano on a beach, a plot is set afoot that can be solved only by a private Dick, the incomprehensible Scottish sleuth Inspector McGuffin (Billy Connolly) who with the aid of Sergeant Ken Russell (Jim Piddock) finally reveals the identity of the Houndsditch Mutilator.
