Parenti serpenti=1992-07-30=Like every year, everyone is going back to the ancestral family's home for the Christmas holidays. But this time, the old folks have a surprise, a good surprise for them. They have decided to go living with one of their children and make him or her inherit the family house.
The Circle=2017-04-27=A young tech worker takes a job at a greedy Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will have no effect whatsoever.
Toto le héros=1991-05-15=Thomas and Alfred were born around the same time; a fire in the nursery had nurses scrambling to save the newborns. Because he felt that he deserved Alfred's good fortune at being born into a wealthy family, Thomas conceives the idea that he and Alfred were switched at birth, and he can't help seeing that his unhappiness should be Alfred's, from the loss of his sister to his inability to have a relationship with the woman Evelyne. So, as his life is ending, he formulates a plan of revenge against his bitter enemy, his lifetime adversary, the man who stole his existence.
Conquest=1937-10-22=A polish countess becomes Napoleon Bonaparte's mistress at the urging of Polish leaders, who feel she might influence him to make Poland independent.
Par un beau matin d'été=1965-07-07=Crime thriller based on a novel by James Hadley Chase.
Equinox=1992-09-18=Henry Petosa and Freddy Ace are twins who were separated being babies, and they do not know each other. Henry was adopted by a honest man, while Freddy becomes a gangster. Henry is very shy and has a lot of mental troubles. The film melts the two stories by a young writer who discovers that they were sons of an european noble and they own a large inheritance.
Million Dollar Mystery=1987-06-12=A dying man in a roadside diner tells the other patrons about money he has hidden in four places.  But instead of directions, he leaves them only with clues they must solve in order to claim the loot.
Гадкий утёнок=2010-09-16=Adapted from the Andersen tale and played out in musical comedy mode, The Ugly Duckling is set in a farmyard where roosters, hens, ducks and geese live and lay eggs together. One fine day, a rooster discovers a giant egg behind the farmyard kingdom fence, and discreetly slips it into the clutch laid by his partner... Very soon, a cygnet emerges, but as he in no way resembles any of them he is immediately stigmatized by the whole farmyard, enduring humiliations and suspicion on the part of his feathered companions. But in the end he becomes a magnificent white swan.
All That I Am=2013-03-10=On the eve of an annual sibling reunion, a troubled young writer is sent reeling with the arrival of an unexpected guest.
Stuey=2003-05-01="Based on the true story of the rise and fall of poker legend Stu ""The Kid"" Ungar."
Pattaya=2016-02-24=Franky and Krimo dream of leaving the grey grime of their neighborhood behind and of traveling to the famous and diabolical Thai beach resort of Pattaya. To get there cheaply, the two friends have the crazy idea of registering, unbeknownst to him, the local little person for the Thai Dwarf Boxing World Championship. But what was supposed to be a dream vacation will transform into the most insane and dangerous adventure of their lives.
Busting=1974-02-27=LA cops Gould and Blake get in over their heads when they don't heed orders from above and go after a big crime boss.
The Four Warriors=2015-07-13=Four battle-weary Crusaders take on a mission to track down the evil predator who has abducted all the men and children from a devastated village.
山水情=1988-12-31=The story is about an impoverished elderly scholar and a young girl who cares for him briefly in return for guqin lessons.
Battleground=2012-01-01=The war in Vietnam is announced to finish. American troops are withdrawn and the relief of peace echoes through the air. However, as the calm after the storm spreads a sigh of relief, there is something unsettling amidst the forests of North Michigan. A disturbed war veteran remains, but he lives for one reason only - to kill. What would happen if six ruthless men stumbled across him in the eerie deserted forest, after their mass bank-robbery leaves them running from the law with three million dollars? Would they be better off facing the cells of prison or can they escape from the murderer out to get them…?
富貴列車=1986-01-30=What happens when a glamorous express, with high government officials, wealthy merchants, concubines and a gang of brigands on board, speeds towards the small town of Hanshui, where escaping bank robbers, corrupt officials, and gamblers await? Well, let's just say the Titanic had a smoother maiden voyage.
Return of the Living Dead 3=1993-10-01=Colonel Reynolds and his group of government scientists continue their work on re-animating the dead for military use. His son Curt uses a stolen security pass to sneak in with his thrill-seeking girlfriend Julie, with shocking, deadly results!
Gusha no bindume=2004-02-28=Luchino's routine morning elevator ride up from her subterranean home on level 138 to her school many stories above turns horrific when the elevator operator is ordered to pick up two passengers from floor 99, the maximum security level. What starts as psychological manipulation soon turns wholly physical as both the cruel convicts and Luchino's own dysfunctional past are unleashed. And then every passenger must fight for his or her survival.
The Strong Man=1926-11-19="A meek Belgian soldier (Harry Langdon) fighting in World War I receives penpal letters and a photo from ""Mary Brown"", an American girl he has never met. He becomes infatuated with her by long distance. After the war, the young Belgian journeys to America as assistant to a theatrical ""strong man"", Zandow the Great (Arthur Thalasso). While in America, he searches for Mary Brown... and he finds her, just as word comes that Zandow is incapacitated and the little nebbish must go on stage in his place."
Tony Hinchcliffe: One Shot=2016-01-15=This groundbreaking comedy special is presented in one continuous shot of witty stand-up from the Ice House in Pasadena, California.
Led Zeppelin - Celebration Day=2012-10-17="On December 10, 2007, Led Zeppelin took the stage at London's O2 Arena to headline a tribute concert for dear friend and Atlantic Records founder Ahmet Ertegun. What followed was a two-hour-plus tour de force of the band's signature blues-infused rock 'n' roll that instantly became part of the legend of Led Zeppelin. Founding members John Paul Jones, Jimmy Page and Robert Plant were joined by Jason Bonham, the son of their late drummer John Bonham, to perform 16 songs from their celebrated catalog including landmark tracks ""Whole Lotta Love,"" ""Rock And Roll,"" ""Kashmir,"" and ""Stairway To Heaven.""  ."
Vanessa: Her Love Story=1935-03-01=The Victorian wife (Helen Hayes) of a mad baron waits years for a British soldier (Robert Montgomery) sent to Egypt.
Amy Schumer: Mostly Sex Stuff=2012-08-18="A ratings hit! Amy Schumer debuts her one-hour special in front of a live audience at the Historic Fillmore Theatre in San Francisco. Nothing is off limits as Schumer airs every hilarious, messed up detail of her dating and sex life, from encounters with unexpected body parts to hate-filled personal grooming appointments. In her matter-of-fact raunchy style, at odds with her self-described ""Cabbage Patch Kid"" appearance, Schumer tells stories of a boyfriend who makes dirty requests over dinner, the way she outsmarts her birth control, and a shocking ending to a seemingly innocent cab ride."
Singapore Sling: Ο άνθρωπος που αγάπησε ένα πτώμα=1990-09-13=Singapore Sling is chasing after Laura, a romantic memory from his past. One night he finds himself in a mysterious villa, watching two women bury a body. He falls into their trap and, in an atmosphere of isolation and decadence, the trio act out insane pleasure games and a ritual of blood and murder.
Tokarev=2014-05-09=When the Russian mob kidnaps the daughter of a reformed criminal, he rounds up his old crew and seeks his own brand of justice.
Kaze no naka no kodomo=1937-01-01=On vacation's eve, a boy is sent to the countryside to live with his uncle after his father is imprisoned and accused of embezzlement.
RangiTaranga=2015-07-03=A 2015 Kannada mystery-thriller movie.
Lucy=2003-05-04=MOW about the life of Lucille Ball, focusing on the loving yet tumultuous relationship with Desi Arnaz.
Juego de amor prohibido=1975-06-06=The film begins with a school teacher bidding farewell to his students, who are leaving for the summer. As he is heading home he notices two of his students are hitch-hiking and picks them up. He invites them over for dinner and lodging, which they accept.. The majority of the film from this point on is set at the mansion, where the two students turn from guests to prisoners under the teacher's command. The teacher has a thuggish (yet sensitive) henchman who enforces the teacher's wishes. The teacher begins to sexually humiliate and torture the two students until he has mentally brainwashed them into his way of thinking.
Oklahoma City=2017-01-21=The bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in April 1995 is the worst act of domestic terrorism in American history. This documentary explores how a series of deadly encounters between American citizens and federal law enforcement—including the standoffs at Ruby Ridge and Waco—led to it.
Margot at the Wedding=2007-08-31=Margot and her son Claude decide to visit her sister Pauline after she announces that she is getting married to less-than-impressive Malcolm. In short order, the storm the sisters create leaves behind a mess of thrashed relationships and exposed family secrets.
Carry On Girls=1973-11-09=Local councillor Sidney Fiddler persuades the Mayor to help improve the image of their rundown seaside town by holding a beauty contest. But formidable Councillor Prodworthy, head of the local women's liberation movement, has other ideas. It's open warfare as the women's lib attempt to sabotage the contest.
Peau d'âne=1970-12-20=A fairy godmother helps a princess disguise herself so she won't have to marry her father.
Platinum Blonde=1931-10-31="In this witty romp, Jean Harlow plays an upper-crust socialite who bullies her reporter husband (Robert Williams) into conforming to her highfalutin ways. The husband chafes at the confinement of high society, though, and yearns for a creative outlet. He decides to write a play and collaborates with a fellow reporter (Loretta Young); the results are unexpectedly hilarious, especially when Young shows up at the mansion with a gaggle of boozehound reporters in tow. With snappy, ribald dialogue (allowable in those pre-Hays Code days), Capra keeps the gags flying fast and furious, taking special delight in having Williams's journalist pals rib him endlessly over his kept-man status. Platinum Blonde was a great success at the time of its release during the class-conscious Depression; for better or worse, its star Harlow was identified with the tag ""platinum blonde"" until her untimely death. --Jerry Renshaw"
The Crowded Sky=1960-09-02=The passengers and crew aboard an airplane reflect on their sorry lives, unaware they're soon to collide with another plane. A 1960 film, with Dana Andrews, Rhonda Fleming, Anne Francis, Troy Donahue, John Kerr, Efrem Zimbalist Jr., Keenan Wynn, Patsy Kelly.
Over Your Cities Grass Will Grow=2011-10-27=The film bears witness to German artist Anselm Kiefer's alchemical creative processes and renders in film, as a cinematic journey, the personal universe he has built at his hill-studio estate in the South of France.
Lucky You=2007-05-01=A professional poker player whose astounding luck at the table fails to translate into his lonesome love life attempts to win the World Series of Poker while simultaneously earning the affections of a beautiful Las Vegas singer.
魔宫魅影=2016-04-29=A haunted theatre, filled with the vengeful spirits of a tragically-trapped performance troupe murdered in a fire 13 years ago, waits for the once-grand palatial playhouse to re-open with a new show - and bring in new victims.
Murder by Natural Causes=1979-02-17=Allison, the unfaithful wife of a famous mentalist with a heart problem, together with her lover tries to kill him by scaring him to death, but the whole thing goes downhill when it turns out that he knew about it all along.
11.22.63=2016-02-15=An English teacher travels back in time to prevent the Kennedy assassination, but discovers he is attached to the life he has made in a bygone era.
Cabin Boy=1994-01-07=A foul-mouthed finishing school graduate mistakenly winds up on an ill-fated fishing boat, and faces the wrath of a crew that considers him bad luck.
The Chateau Meroux=2011-08-09=Marla Sokoloff of ”The Practice” stars as Wendy, a smart single woman in the big city who’s never been able to find a good job or decent relationship. But when her estranged father dies, Wendy suddenly inherits a beautiful – yet struggling – Napa Valley winery. Now with the help of her best friend (Amanda Righetti of ”The Mentalist” and ”The O.C.”), Wendy will have to deal with a local winemaker (Barry Watson of ”Samantha Who?” and ”7th Heaven”) and his father, a shrewd competitor (Christopher Lloyd) who’s trying to crush her vineyard. Can a girl who’s grown used to a life of sour grapes learn to discover delicious new pleasures – and maybe even love – in the most unexpected places?
The Phantom=2009-12-20=Before Superman, Spider-Man, and Batman, there was The Phantom, the greatest legend in the annals of 20th century comic-book crime fighting. Now, the immortal superhero returns to strike terror in the hearts of villains around the world - and to inspire a new generation to believe in the Ghost Who Walks.
Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder=2009-02-23="Leela becomes an outlaw when she and a group of ecologically-minded feminists attempt to save an asteroid of primitive life forms and the Violet Dwarf star from being destroyed, while Fry joins a secret society and attempts to stop a mysterious species known as the ""Dark Ones"" from destroying all life in the universe."
Troubleshooter=2010-09-12=Kang Tae-sik is a private detective who would do anything for money. One day, he gets framed for a murder by a ruthless boss of the criminal underworld and a mysterious caller watches and controls his every move. He must use a wide array of techno-gadgetry at his disposal to clear himself and exact revenge within 24 hours given to him.
King Kelly=2012-11-11=Kelly strips – her best friend Jordan captures the event on her mobile phone. Kelly’s name is well known among the visitors of (in)appropriate online portals. The two teenagers digitally record anything and everything that crosses their paths and upload the results to the internet. But, today is not their day: Kelly’s ex-boyfriend has taken her car containing a package she was not to lose under any circumstances. While searching for it, the two set off on a peculiar journey through a night peppered with drugs, sex, corrupt police officers and other catastrophes – and always with their trusty mobiles in hand.  Made entirely using mobile phone cameras, KING KELLY is a satirical journey through the boundless narcissism of the YouTube generation.
Misterio en la isla de los monstruos=1981-04-03=The story concerns a shipwrecked group who discover natural wonders and a gold treasure on a dangerous island populated by dinosaurs and living seaweed. Terence Stamp is the bad guy. Supposedly the most expensive film made in Spain to that point, it has an admittedly strong genre cast including Peter Cushing, Paul Naschy, and Ian Sera.
Black Gunn=1972-12-20=A successful and popular nightclub owner who believes financial independence is the path to equality and success, must act as a go-between for militant-minded brother and the white gang syndicate his brother has attacked and robbed. Their involvements lead to a breathless race course chase, the destruction of a dopepusher and a violent waterfront climax.
Dr. Gillespie's New Assistant=1942-11-01=The doctor (Lionel Barrymore) has a Kansan (Van Johnson), an Australian and an Asian from Brooklyn to choose from.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice=2010-07-13=Balthazar Blake is a master sorcerer in modern-day Manhattan trying to defend the city from his arch-nemesis, Maxim Horvath. Balthazar can't do it alone, so he recruits Dave Stutler, a seemingly average guy who demonstrates hidden potential, as his reluctant protégé. The sorcerer gives his unwilling accomplice a crash course in the art and science of magic, and together, these unlikely partners work to stop the forces of darkness.
Washington Square=1997-10-10=Set in 1870's New York, a spinster heiress is courted by a much younger, penniless man, much to the chagrin of her over-protective father, and must decide whether to spend the rest of her life alone, or marry a man who is interested in her only because of her inheritence.
Gervaise=1956-09-05=An adaptation of Émile Zola’s 1877 masterpiece L’assommoir, the film is an uncompromising depiction of a lowly laundress’s struggles to deal with an alcoholic husband while running her own business.
Ad ogni costo=1967-09-28=Professor James Anders is a seemingly mild-mannered teacher, an American working in Rio De Janeiro. Anders, bored with years of teaching, decides to put together a team to pull off a diamond heist during the Rio Carnival. Four international experts are brought together to carry out the robbery: a safe cracking expert, a master thief, a mechanical genius, and a playboy.
The Tree=2010-05-23=The O'Neills lived happily in their house in the Australian countryside. That was until one day fate struck blindly, taking the life of Peter, the father, leaving his grief-stricken wife Dawn alone with their four children. Among them, eight-year-old Simone denies this reality. She is persuaded that her father still lives in the giant fig tree growing near their house and speaks to her through its leaves. But the tree becomes more and more invasive and threatens the house. It must be felled. Of course, Simone won't allow it.
The Iron Sheriff=1957-04-01=Frontier peacekeeper Sheriff Galt (Sterling Hayden) faces a crisis of conscience in The Iron Sheriff. In the aftermath of a robbery-murder, Galt follows the trail of evidence directly to his own son, Benjie (Darryl Hickman). Sworn to uphold the law at all costs, Galt is grimly determined to see that Benjie will receive a fair trial without any coercion on his part. But the townsfolk have already decided that the sheriff will try to spring the boy, and a lynch-mob mentality slows festers its way through the community. As the trial proceeds, it becomes obvious that Benjie is going to hang for his alleged crime, but there's still one or two surprises in store.
Saw II=2005-10-28=When a new murder victim is discovered with all the signs of Jigsaw's hand, Detective Eric Matthews begins a full investigation and apprehends Jigsaw with little effort. But for Jigsaw, getting caught is just another part of his plan. Eight more of his victims are already fighting for their lives and now it's time for Matthews to join the game...
Bless the Child=2000-08-11=When Maggie's sister Jenna saddles her with an autistic newborn named Cody she touches Maggie's heart and becomes the daughter she has always longed for. But six years later Jenna suddenly re-enters her life and, with her mysterious new husband, Eric Stark, abducts Cody. Despite the fact that Maggie has no legal rights to Cody, FBI agent John Travis, takes up her cause when he realizes that Cody shares the same birth date as several other recently missing children.
The Burning Plain=2008-07-11=A trailer is burning in the middle of a plain. The bodies of two adulterous lovers are found. Scenes from both families, before and after the dramatic events, suggest an unusual connection between them. But what is their secret?
Robot Chicken: Star Wars=2007-07-17="Fans of Adult Swim's ""Robot Chicken"" and the Star Wars movie franchise won't want to miss this collection of 30 sketches. This hilarious compilation features an array of skits -- such as ""Darth Vader's Collect Call"" and ""Inside the AT-AT"" -- as well as the incredible voice talents of Hulk Hogan, Malcolm McDowell, Conan O'Brien and even the original Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill."
Ride the High Country=1962-06-20=An ex-lawman is hired to transport gold from a mining community through dangerous territory. But what he doesn't realize is that his partner and old friend is plotting to double-cross him.
Mermaid Chronicles Part 1: She Creature=2001-12-20=Two carnies (Sewell and Gugino) abduct a mermaid in Ireland, circa 1900, and decide to transport her to America. As their ship loses its way and heads towards the mythical Forbidden Islands, the mermaid begins to display its deadly side.
Plain Dirty=2003-01-20=Inez Macbeth is a pretty young woman married to Edgar, a moody and unstable felon. When Inez becomes interested in the sensitive and wealthy lawyer Druden Hunt, Edgar derails their budding romance by keeping her captive in their home. With his scruffy buddy, Flowers, on hand to watch Inez, Edgar continues to hold her prisoner, but eventually she devises a way to escape that tests the loyalty of Flowers and leads to murder.
جدایی نادر از سیمین=2011-03-15=A married couple are faced with a difficult decision - to improve the life of their child by moving to another country or to stay in Iran and look after a deteriorating parent who has Alzheimer's disease.
O Brother, Where Art Thou?=2000-08-30=In the deep south during the 1930s, three escaped convicts search for hidden treasure while a relentless lawman pursues them. On their journey they come across many comical characters and incredible situations. Based upon Homer's 'Odyssey'.
Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension=2015-10-21=Using a special camera that can see spirits, a family must protect their daughter from an evil entity with a sinister plan.
Lost Christmas=2011-12-11=Urban fairytale set in Manchester. A series of tragic events that blight a young boy's life are reversed one Christmas Eve, giving him and those around him the happy ending that they were destined to have.
Kvinnors väntan=1952-11-03=Rakel, Marta, Karin and Annette are married to four brothers. While waiting in a summer cottage for their husbands to come home, they tell each other stories about their marriages. Rakel tells about the time she had an affair and confronted her husband with it. Marta's story is about how she at first refused to marry and had her child by herself. Karin tells about what happened when one time she and her husband got stuck in an elevator together. While the women tell their stories, Marta's younger sister Maj is planning to elope.
Death Mills (Die Todesmühlen)=1945-07-10=Originally made with a German soundtrack for screening in occupied Germany and Austria, this film was the first documentary to show what the Allies found when they liberated the Nazi extermination camps: the survivors, the conditions, and the evidence of mass murder. The film includes accounts of the economic aspects of the camps' operation, the interrogation of captured camp personnel, and the enforced visits of the inhabitants of neighboring towns, who, along with the rest of their compatriots, are blamed for complicity in the Nazi crimes - one of the few such condemnations in the Allied war records.
Sheitan=2006-02-01=A group of young people leaves a disco and bumps into a shepherd who is ready to spend his night worshipping Satan.
George Washington Slept Here=1942-10-30=New Yorkers Bill and Connie Fuller have to move from their apartment. Without Bill's knowledge, Connie purchases a delapidated old farmhouse in Pennsylvania, where George Washington was supposed to have actually slept during the American Revolution.
Mr. Wrong=1996-02-16=A single and lonely woman finds the seemingly perfect man to date, but soon regrets it when his deranged and possessive other personality emerges and worst still, she cannot convince anyone else of his Jekyll/Hyde true nature.
Follow Me Quietly=1949-07-07="1949 thriller about the hunt for a serial killer known as ""the Judge"" who kills his victims on rainy nights."
The Flying Mouse=1934-07-14="To the tune ""I Would Like to Be a Bird,"" a young mouse fashions wings from a pair of leaves, to the great amusement of his brothers when his attempts to use them fail. When the butterfly he rescues from a spider proves to be a fairy, he wishes for wings. But his bat-like appearance doesn't fit in with either the birds or the other mice, and he finds himself friendless; even the bats make fun of him. Written by Jon Reeves"
The Princess and the Pirate=1944-11-10=Princess Margaret is travelling incognito to elope with her true love instead of marrying the man her father has betrothed her to. On the high seas, her ship is attacked by pirates who know her identity and plan to kidnap her and hold her for a king's ransom.
Electric Dragon 80.000 V=2001-01-31=A young boy gets jolted with electricity as he's climbing a cable pylon. As he gets older, he experiences intense fits of violence in which bolts of electricity burst from his fists. Elsewhere in Tokyo, there is an electronics wizard who also happens to be a vigilante with a taste for electric weapons. When the pair catch each others attention, the result is a battle that will light up the city.
ABC Africa=2001-10-24=Abbas Kiarostami shoots a documentary about the AIDS crisis in Uganda.
Harvard Beats Yale 29-29=2008-11-19=Filmmaker Kevin Rafferty takes viewers to 1968 to witness a legendary college football game and meet the people involved, interweaving actual gridiron footage with the players' own reflections. The names may be familiar (Tommy Lee Jones and friends of Al Gore and George W. Bush are among the interviewees), but their views on the game's place in the turbulent history of the 1960s college scene add an unexpected dimension.
American Gangster=2007-11-02=Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Based on a true story.
The Safety of Objects=2002-10-25=A series of overlapping stories about four suburban families dealing with different maladies. Esther Gold's life is consumed by caring for her comatose son; Jim Train is sent into a tailspin when he's passed over for a promotion; Annette Jennings' family is struggling in the wake of her divorce; Helen Christianson is determined to shake up her mundane life.
Saimaa-Ilmiö=1981-09-11=A documentary film about a tour of three Finnish rock bands around Saimaa lake system in a steam boat in 1981. The bands (Juice Leskinen Slam, Eppu Normaali and Hassisen Kone) are shown playing songs in their gigs and, in between, the members give intimate interviews or just act plain silly and have a good time.
Jolson Sings Again=1949-08-17="In this sequel to The Jolson Story, we pick up the singer's career just as he has returned to the stage after a premature retirement. But his wife has left him and the appeal of the spotlight isn't what it used to be. This time Jolson trades in the stage for life in the fast lane: women, horses, travel. It takes the death of Moma Yoelson and World War II to bring Jolson back to earth - and to the stage. Once again teamed with manager Steve Martin, Jolson travels the world entertaining troops everywhere from Alaska to Africa. When he finally collapses from exhaustion it takes young, pretty nurse Ellen Clark to show him there's more to life than ""just rushing around""."
Im Labyrinth des Schweigens=2014-09-06=A young prosecutor in postwar West Germany investigates a massive conspiracy to cover up the Nazi pasts of prominent public figures.
War-Gods of the Deep=1965-05-26=The plot concerns the discovery of a lost city beneath the sea off the coast of Cornwall. Price is the captain overseeing a group of sailors who have lived there for more than a century where the peculiar mix of gases has allowed them to extend their lifespan.
Suton=1982-04-01=After spending 20 years in America, aging widower Marko Sekulovic (Karl Malden) returns to his Yugoslavian homeland to take care of his two young grandchildren. But Marko's quiet life is in for a shake up when he meets the pretty new village schoolteacher, Lana (Jodi Thelen). Malden pays tribute to his Yugoslav heritage in this affecting 1982 drama.
The Underneath=1995-04-28=Michael Chambers has come home to Austin, Texas. To the mother who's starting a new life and the brother driven by old jealousies. To the places he remembers and the memories he can't forget. And to Rachel, the woman he married and then betrayed with his passion for gambling. Now she's together with Tommy Dundee, a man no one trifles with. He takes care of her in a way Michael never could, but there's a price for his attention and Rachel knows this. And when Michael devises a plan to get Rachel out from under Tommy's control, they become entangled in a web of intrigue, danger and desire from which no one escapes unscathed.
Bachelor Mother=1939-06-30="Polly Parrish, a clerk at Merlin's Department Store, is mistakenly presumed to be the mother of a foundling. Outraged at Polly's unmotherly conduct, David Merlin becomes determined to keep the single woman and ""her"" baby together."
Billy Elliot=2000-05-18=Set against the background of the 1984 Miner's Strike, Billy Elliot is an 11 year old boy who stumbles out of the boxing ring and onto the ballet floor. He faces many trials and triumphs as he strives to conquer his family's set ways, inner conflict, and standing on his toes!
Sullivan's Travels=1941-11-30=Sullivan is a successful, spoiled, and naive director of fluff films, with a heart-o-gold, who decides he wants to make a film about the troubles of the downtrodden poor. Much to the chagrin of his producers, he sets off in tramp's clothing with a single dime in his pocket to experience poverty first-hand, and gets a reality shock...
Dreng=2011-01-27=18-year old Christian has just graduated from high school. At his summer job he is seduced by the 36-year old single mother Sanne. Soon he is drawn into a world of sensuality and his acquaintance with Sanne turns into an intense love affair which forces Christian to deal with his newly discovered sides.
Little Criminals=1995-01-01=Des is an eleven year old kid who has had a really bad deal in life. Crime and mischief are the main staples of his life and he and his friends cruise around the city and do things like vandalize, steal, light fires, and mug people. He thinks that he is untouchable because he cannot be charged until he is twelve. Cory becomes Des' best friend and they carry on like nothing can stop them; however, Des ends up at an assessment centre for troubled youths and may begin a new life without crime.
Hondo=1953-11-25=Army despatch rider Hondo Lane discovers a woman and her son living in the midst of warring Apaches, and he becomes their protector.
Nightingale=2015-05-29=A lonely war veteran psychologically unravels ahead of an old friend's impending visit.
何以笙箫默=2015-04-30=A film adaptation of Gu Man's popular novel of two college sweethearts who meet again after years of separation.
Der große König=1942-03-02="King Frederick II (aka ""Frederick the Great"") of Prussia is engaged in a major battle against the Austrian army at Kunersdorf, and things aren't going well. The Austrians are inflicting major casualties, and his army is beginning to crumble. Defeat seems inevitable when a combination of events gives him hope that he may pull victory from the jaws of defeat after all"
Lake of Fire=2006-09-09=An unflinching look at the how the battle over abortion rights has played out in the United States over the last 15 years
A Canterbury Tale=1944-08-21=Three people arrive in a village in Southern England in the early years of World War 2. Alison Smith is a London girl who is due to start working on a farm as a 'Land Girl'. Peter Gibbs is an Englishman conscripted into the army, taking a few days leave before going abroad. Bob Johnson is a U.S. Army sergeant who wanted to go to Canterbury, but got off here by mistake. As they walk into the village, Alison is attacked by 'The Glue Man', a prankster who pours glue in women's hair. The three of them start to explore the area to discover and expose 'The Glue Man' but then get engrossed in the history of the area and the tales of The Pilgrim's Way. The local magistrate, Thomas Colpeper, JP is a local historian and a very mysterious character who leads them further into the mystery.
Side Effects=2013-02-07=A woman turns to prescription medication as a way of handling her anxiety concerning her husband's upcoming release from prison.
Sweet Liberty=1986-05-14=Michael has written a schollarly book on the revolutionary war. He has sold the film rights. The arrival of the film crew seriously disrupts him as actors want to change their characters, directors want to re-stage battles, and he becomes very infatuated with Faith who will play the female lead in the movie. At the same time, he is fighting with his crazy mother who thinks the Devil lives in her kitchen, and his girlfriend who is talking about commitment.
Billy the Kid=1941-05-30=Billy Bonney is a hot-headed gunslinger who narrowly skirts a life of crime by being befriended and hired by a peaceful rancher, Eric Keating. When Keating is killed, Billy seeks revenge on the men who killed him, even if it means opposing his friend, Marshal Jim Sherwood.
When the Lights Went Out=2012-01-31=Yorkshire, 1974, the Maynard family moves into their dream house. It's a dream that quickly descends into a panic stricken nightmare as the family discovers a horrifying truth, a truth that will make the history books. The house is already occupied by the most violent poltergeist ever documented, a poltergeist that will tear you from your bed as you sleep and drag you helplessly into the darkness.
Red Heat=1985-05-28=East Germans abduct a U.S. coed (Linda Blair) and throw her in a women's prison run by a brutal inmate (Sylvia Kristel).
その夜の侍=2012-11-17=A widower sends daily reminders to the petty criminal who killed his wife in a traffic accident that on the anniversary of her death, he will kill him.
The Chatterley Affair=2006-03-20=The trial, under The Obscene Publications Act, of the publishers of D.H. Lawrence's 'Lady Chatterley's Lover'in 1960 was a sensation that consumed the nation. The movie follows two fictional jurors, Helena and Keith, who become passionate lovers during the course of the trial and whose affair mirrors the themes of the novel.
Mahi va gorbeh=2013-09-06=A group of students travel to a remote region to participate in a kite-flying event. Next to their camp by the lakeside, they find a restaurant with cooks that treat the students with suspicion. Bizarre events lead to a complicated situation, from which the students cannot escape.
The Do-Over=2016-05-27=The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure.
Happy Birthday to Me=1981-05-15=Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on...
The Rambler=2013-01-21=After being released from prison, a man known as The Rambler stumbles upon a strange mystery as he attempts a dangerous journey through treacherous back roads and small towns en route to reconnecting with his long lost brother.
Berserk=1967-11-01=Monica Rivers, is the owner and ringmaster of a traveling circus and who'll stop at nothing to draw bigger audiences. When a series of mysterious murders begins to occur and some of her performers die gruesomely, her profits soar. She hires high-wire walker Frank Hawkins, impressed by the handsome and muscular young man. They begin an affair which arouses her previous lover Durando's jealousy. When Durando is found dead shortly afterward, the other performers begin to take alarm, as a mysterious killer is obviously loose in their midst. Many suspect Monica herself of the killings, especially Matilda, who has set her sights on Monica's new lover. At this point, Monica's unruly, sixteen-year-old daughter Angela, is expelled from school for being incorrigible and Monica is forced to take her into the circus, allowing her to become the partner of knife-thrower Gustavo. Meanwhile, the dead bodies continue to pile up...
Captive Wild Woman=1943-06-04=An insane scientist doing experimentation in glandular research becomes obsessed with transforming a female gorilla into a human...even though it costs human life.
Critters 3=1991-12-11=In what appears to be a cross between Critters and The Towering Inferno, the residents of a shoddy L.A. apartment block are chased up to the roof by hoards of the eponymous hairy horrors.
Escape Me Never=1947-11-07=Romantic quadrangle involving two brothers- one a burgeoning ballet composer, a willful heiress and a waif.
Reparando=2010-01-01=On the morning of June 18. 1954, the US CIA dropped leaflets in Guatemala City demanding the resignation of the president. Guatemala was ravaged by Civil War for the next 36 years. But hope is rising. In the midst of incredible odds, victims have been transformed into champions who willfully embrace the pain of their past to help repair the next generation. This is their story. Shorty - a former gang member who is now a pastor, and Tita - a woman who started a school in Guatemala's most notorious slum have joined forces to repair La Limonada.
Beautiful Creatures=2000-08-23=When Petula and Dorothy cover up the accidental murder of one jerk boyfriend, they hatch a hilarious scheme to collect a huge ransom.
Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives=1986-08-01=As a child, Tommy killed mass-murderer Jason. But now, years later, he is tormented by the fear that maybe Jason isn’t really dead. Determined to finish off the infamous killer once and for all, Tommy and a friend dig up Jason’s corpse in order to cremate him. Unfortunately, things go seriously awry, and Jason is instead resurrected, sparking a new chain of ruthlessly brutal murders. Now it’s up to Tommy to stop the dark, devious and demented deaths that he unwittingly brought about.
Pro Wrestlers vs Zombies=2014-03-28=The Franchise Shane Douglas accidentally kills a wrestler in the ring. The wrestler's brother Angus seeks revenge by surrendering his soul to an ancient demon to gain the power to raise the undead. Angus then pays for a private show at an empty prison to lure Douglas and his friend Rowdy Roddy Piper into a death trap.
Bellflower=2011-04-16="Two friends spend all their free time building flame-throwers and weapons of mass destruction in hopes that a global apocalypse will occur and clear the runway for their imaginary gang ""Mother Medusa""."
Cherry 2000=1987-11-12=When successful businessman Sam Treadwell finds that his android wife, Cherry model 2000 has blown a fuse, he hires sexy renegade tracker E. Johnson to find her exact duplicate. But as their journey to replace his perfect mate leads them into the treacherous and lawless region of 'The Zone', Treadwell learns the hard way that the perfect woman is made not of computer chips and diodes.
The Quiller Memorandum=1966-11-10="Two British agents are murdered by a mysterious Neonazi organization in West Berlin. The British Secret Service sends agent Quiller to investigate. Soon Quiller is confronted with Neonazi chief ""Oktober"" and involved in a dangerous game where each side tries to find out the enemy's headquarters at any price."
ファンタスティポ=2005-02-10=Two brothers must take the helm of their family's company, Armadillo, Inc., after their father steps down from his position as the company's director. Through trials and tribulations, the two slowly begin to learn the true meaning of family.
Demon Lover Diary=1980-01-04=The film chronicles filmmaker Joel DeMott, significant other/film partner Jeff Kreines and filmmaker Mark Rance as they head to Michigan to make a low budget horror film.
The History Boys=2006-10-02=The story of an unruly class of bright, funny history students at a Yorkshire grammar school in pursuit of an undergraduate place at Oxford or Cambridge. Bounced between their maverick English master, a young and shrewd teacher hired to up their test scores, a grossly out-numbered history teacher, and a headmaster obsessed with results, the boys attempt to pass.
Mickey's House of Villains=2001-11-15=The villains from the popular animated Disney films are gathered at the House of Mouse with plans to take over. Soon, the villains take over the house and kick out Mickey, Donald and Goofy. It's all up to Mickey and his friends to overthrow evil and return the House of Mouse to normal--or as close to normal as it get's.
Interstate 60=2002-04-13=An aspiring painter meets various characters and learns valuable lessons while traveling across America.
1303号室=2007-10-23=While celebrating with her friends in her new cheaply rented apartment (with balcony and view of the sea) on the thirteenth floor of a building, the young Sayaka unexpectedly jumps off the balcony committing suicide. Her mother goes insane and her older sister, Mariko, decides to investigate the mysterious death of her sister. She finds that there have been many suicides of young women living in apartment 1303. She finds a book telling the tragic story of the Yukiyo and her mother, the first tenants of the apartment and uncovers the truth behind the suicides.
Blood Father=2016-08-11=An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 16-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her.
The Clique=2008-11-11=A young girl tries to fit in with a clique of popular middle school girls after moving into the guest house of one of their homes.
Cameron's Closet=1988-12-02=A father who experiments with his sons psychokinetic powers, is unaware that these experiments release a demon from hell, which lives in his sons closet, preparing to take over the young boys soul.
All Night Long=1962-02-06=Richard Attenborough, Patrick McGoohan and a host of jazz legends including Charles Mingus and Dave Brubeck star in this 1960s melodrama, inspired by Shakespeare's 'Othello'.
Valhalla=1986-05-12=Two children in the Viking age find their way into the magical world of Norse mythology.
Così ridevano=1998-01-01=Studying to become a teacher in Turin, Italy, Pietro is joined by his older brother, Giovanni, who has moved up from Sicily. While Giovanni is a worker with no schooling, Pietro shows considerable promise in academics, prompting the elder sibling to seek employment to support his brother's academic pursuits. Unfortunately, things don't go well for Giovanni and Pietro, and they face significant hardships as they try to improve their lives.
Joe Kidd=1972-07-14=A band of Mexicans find their U. S. land claims denied and all the records destroyed in a courthouse fire. Their leader, Louis Chama, encourages them to use force to regain their land. A wealthy landowner wanting the same decides to hire a gang of killers with Joe Kidd to track Chama.
Trixie=2000-06-28=Emily Watson stars as Trixie, an eccentric woman who aspires to quit her job as a security guard and become a private detective. However, comedy intervenes and the mess begins...
A Jitney Elopement=1915-04-01=Edna's father wants her to marry wealthy Count He-Ha. Charlie, Edna's true love, impersonates the Count at dinner, but the real Count shows up and Charlie is thrown out.
Downtown=1990-01-12=Officer Alex Kearney patrols an upscale neighborhood in Philadelphia, where he pulls over a well-connected white collar executive who promises to get even with the policeman. Soon, Kearney learns that he is off the cushy suburban beat and must now work in the deadliest precinct in Philly, where he is partnered with tough veteran cop Dennis Curran. Tensions are high between them, but Kearney soon proves he can play just as rough as the crooks.
The Villain=1979-07-26=Handsome Stranger has agreed to escort Charming Jones to collect her inheritance from her father. But Avery Jones wants the money, and hires notorious outlaw Cactus Jack to ambush Charming. However, Cactus Jack is not very good at robbing people.
Of Two Minds=2012-11-01=Of Two Minds explores the extraordinary lives, struggles and successes of three unique and compelling people living with bipolar disorder in America today. Through a combination of intimate verité and revealing interviews, we experience what it feels like to be bipolar - from exquisite feelings of grandiosity and sensuality to the depths of despair and depression. A journey from the painful to the painfully funny, Of Two Minds puts a human face on the illness, opening an engaging, harrowing and perception-changing view on those all around us who live in bipolar's shadows...our sisters and brothers, parents and friends, and ourselves.
Palo Alto=2014-05-09=Palo Alto weaves together three stories of teenage lust, boredom, and self-destruction: shy, sensitive April, torn between an illicit flirtation with her soccer coach and an unrequited crush on sweet stoner Teddy; Emily, who offers sexual favors to any boy to cross her path; and the increasingly dangerous exploits of Teddy and his best friend Fred, whose behavior may or may not be sociopathic.
I Am Not a Hipster=2013-01-09=Things are not looking good for Brook, a young, talented singer/songwriter who has become the clichéd tortured artist. Slow to come to terms with the death of his mother, Brook is self-absorbed, aggressive, and the major obstruction to his own career success. His isolation is lifted when his three sisters and estranged father come to spread his mother’s ashes. Brook’s loving sisters have a magical effect on his anger and apathy, suggesting there may be hope for the misanthropic musician after all.
Sick Boy=2011-12-21=Sick Boy stars Skye McCole Bartusiak as Lucy, a young woman who steps in for a friend to take a job babysitting a young boy confined to his room due to a mysterious illness. Lucy begins to suspect the child’s mother, played by horror legend Debbie Rochon, is hiding something—the truth turns out to be far worse than she could imagine.
The Ghost and the Whale=2016-05-17=A man, Joseph, loses his wife at sea, then spirals deep into a world of confusion. The wife's brothers' need revenge! Joseph tries to tell anyone who will listen that a whale killed his beautiful Annabel Lee, but even he doesn't quite remember the truth. A journey into the depths of his mind, a conversation with a whale and blood thirsty brothers.
Corbo=2014-04-17=A teenage Quebecer in the 1960s evolves from pro-independence activist to radical terrorist, in this gripping chronicle of the origins of the FLQ in the decade preceding the 1970 October Crisis.
Come non detto=2012-09-07="Mattia is about to move to Madrid by his boyfriend Eduard. When the day before leaving for Spain, Eduard announces his arrival in Rome to know the ""laws"", Mattia must choose whether to finally come clean with his companion, or confess to being a formidable liar."
Eu Maior=2013-11-21=Eu Maior (Higher Self) is a Brazilian feature-length documentary presenting a fresh look at self-knowledge and the pursuit of happiness. The filmmakers interviewed thirty individuals with distinct backgrounds, including spiritual leaders, intellectuals, artists and professional athletes. Their touching personal stories, combined with the film's beautiful images and music, are certain to appeal to any audience's intelligence and artistic sensibility.  - Anonymous
Blood Ties=2013-08-22=Two brothers, on either side of the law, face off over organized crime in Brooklyn during the 1970s.
Who's That Girl=1987-08-07=An uptight New York tax lawyer gets his life turned upside down, all in a single day, when he's asked to escort a feisty and free-spirited female ex-convict whom asks him to help prove her innocence of her crime.
The Invisible Man Returns=1940-01-12=The owner of a coal mining operation, falsely imprisoned for fratricide, takes a drug to make him invisible, despite its side effect: gradual madness.
Just, Melvin: Just Evil=2000-01-01=A documentary about a man who molested generations of his children and stepchildren.
Loose Change: 2nd Edition=2006-06-01=What if...September 11th was not a surprise attack on America, but rather, a cold and calculated genocide by our own government?We were told that the twin towers were hit by commercial jetliners and subsequently brought down by jet fuel. We were told that the Pentagon was hit by a Boeing 757. We were told that flight 93 crashed in Shanksville, Pennsylvania. We were told that nineteen Arabs from halfway across the globe, acting under orders from Osama Bin Laden, were responsible. What you will see here will prove without a shadow of a doubt that everything you know about 9/11 is a complete fabrication. Conspiracy theory? It's not a theory if you can prove it.Written and narrated by Dylan Avery, this film presents a rebuttal to the official version of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and the 9/11 Commission Report.
Expresso Bongo=1959-12-01=A seedy London promoter turns a naive, working-class teenager into a pop singing sensation. Director Val Guest's 1959 British drama stars Laurence Harvey, Cliff Richard, Sylvia Syms, Yolande Donlan, Hermione Baddeley, Susan Hampshire and Avis Bunnage.
Elena Undone=2010-06-25=Before crossing paths with Peyton, falling for a woman was an unimaginable situation for Elena, a straight wife and mother. The friendship between Peyton, an out lesbian writer, and Elena, the wife of an anti-gay paster who has never experienced true love, transforms swiftly from a one-sided crush into a torrid extramarital affair. Despite their attraction, Peyton, jaded in a number of ways, has strong reservations about becoming involved with a married straight woman; Elena, recognizing that she is caught in a loveless marriage, can barely begin to rationalize the nature and magnitude of her desires.  As their relationship evolves, Elena confronts the choice of leaving her husband or  ending her involvement with Peyton to save her unraveling and unrewarding marriage and return to a drab and automated life. Above all, Elena faces the looming challenge of convincing Peyton that the two women have a bright future together despite their unfavorable circumstances
See No Evil=1971-09-02=Sarah is a blind girl who has returned to her home, a country manor in which all of the occupants are dead. She unknowingly sleeps overnight, among a houseful of corpses, arising the next morning to quietly creep out of bed, in order not to awaken the other members of the household.
Sleepwalk with Me=2012-08-24=A burgeoning stand-up comedian struggles with the stress of a stalled career, a stale relationship, and the wild spurts of severe sleepwalking he is desperate to ignore.
Pelotero=2012-07-13=Two top baseball prospects in the Dominican Republic face fierce competition and corruption as they chase their big league dreams.
The Fallen Idol=1948-09-30=The film is told through the naive eyes of a diplomat's young son, Phillipe, who idolises his best friend, the diplomat's butler Baines. Baines has constructed a heroic persona, full of exotic adventures, that fascinates the boy.
Girl with a Pearl Earring=2003-08-31="This film, adapted from a work of fiction by author Tracy Chevalier, tells a story about the events surrounding the creation of the painting ""Girl With A Pearl Earring"" by 17th century Dutch master Johannes Vermeer. A young peasant maid working in the house of painter Johannes Vermeer becomes his talented assistant and the model for one of his most famous works."
Kader=2006-01-01=Bekir is in love with Ugur, who loves Zagor, who loves to commit crimes.
Free Birds=2013-10-30=In this irreverent, hilarious, adventurous buddy comedy for audiences of all ages, directed by Jimmy Hayward (Horton Hears a Who!), two turkeys from opposite sides of the tracks must put aside their differences and team up to travel back in time to change the course of history - and get turkey off the holiday menu for good.
Dial M for Murder=1954-05-29=An ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to have his wife murdered after discovering she is having an affair, and assumes she will soon leave him for the other man anyway. When things go wrong, he improvises a new plan - to frame her for murder instead.
Whore=1991-06-21=This melodrama investigates the life of a prostitute in a pseudo-documentary style.
Superman III=1983-06-17=Aiming to defeat the Man of Steel, wealthy executive Ross Webster hires bumbling but brilliant Gus Gorman to develop synthetic kryptonite, which yields some unexpected psychological effects in the third installment of the 1980s Superman franchise. Between rekindling romance with his high school sweetheart and saving himself, Superman must contend with a powerful supercomputer.
Das weisse Band=2009-05-21=Strange events happen in a small village in the north of Germany during the years just before World War I, which seem to be ritual punishment. The abused and suppressed children of the villagers seem to be at the heart of this mystery.
La seduzione=1973-01-01=After returning to Catania after a long period of time, Giuseppe reunites with his old lover, Caterina. Her 15 year-old daughter, Graziella begins to seduce her mother's lover and he soon breaks down and begins an affair with her. As time passes Caterina begins having sneaking suspicions about Giuseppe's &amp; Graziella's relationship.
Split Second=1992-05-01=In a futuristic London, the rising sea levels mean that large areas are under feet of water. Hauer plays a cop who previously lost his partner to some strange creature. Now the creature is back and its after him.
Il Solengo=2016-01-30="A documentary about the story of Mario de Marcella, a hermit that lived in the woods near Rome. He was called by hunters ""Il Solengo"" because that's how they call the lone boar that is cut off from the rest of the pack."
Nostalghia=1983-05-01=The Russian poet Andrei Gorchakov, accompanied by guide and translator Eugenia, is traveling through Italy researching the life of an 18th-century Russian composer. In an ancient spa town, he meets the lunatic Domenico, who years earlier had imprisoned his own family in his house for seven years to save them from the evils of the world. Seeing some deep truth in Domenico's act, Andrei becomes drawn to him. In a series of dreams, the poet's nostalgia for his homeland and his longing for his wife, his ambivalent feelings for Eugenia and Italy, and his sense of kinship with Domenico become intertwined.
Sånger från andra våningen=2000-10-06=A film poem inspired by the Peruvian poet César Vallejo. A story about our need for love, our confusion, greatness and smallness and, most of all, our vulnerability. It is a story with many characters, among them a father and his mistress, his youngest son and his girlfriend. It is a film about big lies, abandonment and the eternal longing for companionship and confirmation.
Lynch=2007-01-01=A film that gives us a rare glimpse into the mind of the man who created films such as Eraserhead, Mulholland Drive, Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks Fire Walk With Me, Wild At Heart, The Elephant Man and more...
Monster Ark=2008-01-01=This is film-making of the shoddiest and laziest sort. Every scene is a showcase for the writer/director's ignorance. O'Brien is completely unfamiliar with science. He knows nothing of how scientists talk, how they analyze, how they approach discovery. He is completely ignorant of how military personnel think, how they process situations, how they act, and how they carry themselves. O'Brien even misses the most basic tenets of Christianity.
Joshua: Teenager vs. Superpower=2017-01-20=When the Chinese Communist Party backtracks on its promise of autonomy to Hong Kong, teenager Joshua Wong decides to save his city. Rallying thousands of kids to skip school and occupy the streets, Joshua becomes an unlikely leader in Hong Kong and one of China’s most notorious dissidents.
I Accuse=2003-11-30=A chilling tale based on a real event in which a doctor stepped out of line and sexually assaulted a patient when drugged.
River=2015-10-13=John River, a brilliant police officer whose genius and fault-line is the fragility of his mind - a man haunted by the murder victims whose cases he must lay to rest
呪怨=2000-02-11=A teacher visits the house of one of his students after the boy goes missing, only to have a horrifying excuse for his absence from school.
The Marine 4: Moving Target=2015-04-10="WWE Superstar Mike ""The Miz"" Mizanin returns as Jake Carter where he is assigned to protect a whistleblower who wishes to expose a corrupt military defence contractor. However, the military hires a heavily armed team of mercenaries to kill her and it's up to Carter to stop them at any cost."
Darkness Falls=2003-01-24=A vengeful spirit has taken the form of the Tooth Fairy to exact vengeance on the town that lynched her 150 years earlier. Her only opposition is the only child, now grown up, who has survived her before
Kill Command=2016-05-13=Set in a near future, technology-reliant society that pits man against killing machines. Against this backdrop an elite army unit is helicoptered to a remote, off-the-grid island training facility. What starts out as a simple training exercise for Captain Bukes and his tight-knit unit, descends into a terrifying battle to the death, as the marines discover the island is overrun by an enemy that transcends the human concept of evil.
...And the Pursuit of Happiness=1986-01-01=In 1986, Louis Malle, himself a transplant to the United States, set out to investigate the ever-widening range of immigrant experience in America. Interviewing a variety of newcomers (from teachers to astronauts to doctors) in middle- and working-class communities from coast to coast, Malle paints a generous, humane portrait of their individual struggles in an increasingly polyglot nation.
The Secret of Kells=2009-02-09=Adventure awaits 12 year old Brendan who must fight Vikings and a serpent god to find a crystal and complete the legendary Book of Kells. In order to finish Brother Aiden's book, Brendan must overcome his deepest fears on a secret quest that will take him beyond the abbey walls and into the enchanted forest where dangerous mythical creatures hide. Will Brendan succeed in his quest?
VeggieTales: Lyle, the Kindly Viking=2001-06-01="Oh, my! Determined to present something ""classy"" for a change, Archibald Asparagus has taken over VeggieTales! Assisted by those rascally French Peas, Archibald aims for new heights in veggie programming by attempting to produce ""the world's first all-vegetable staging of Shakespeare's Hamlet,"" the first-ever ""Classy Songs with Larry,"" and for the grand finale, the world premiere of what he believes to be Gilbert and Sullivan's lost musical: Lyle the Kindly Viking! Of course, working with the French Peas as assistants is a recipe for disaster and in the chaos - and hilarity - that ensues, Bob, Larry, and Junior all learn a great lesson about sharing. Archibald, on the other hand, mostly just learns to never again work with the French Peas. Don't miss Junior Asparagus as ""Lyle the Kindly Viking"" in this hilarious VeggieTales musical adventure! Your whole family will sing - and laugh - along as they learn that ""sharing gets us more of what we really want - friends!"""
7.2=2014-10-16=A schoolgirl with amnesia wakes to a deadly ultimatum. Will she get to the library in time to avoid disembowelment?
Deep in the Valley=2009-08-28=Best friends, Carl and Lester, find themselves magically transported into an alternate universe straight out of a real-life adult movie. Hilarity ensues as they embark upon a journey of adult-themed mayhem while Carl ultimately finds true love in the most unlikely of places.
The Squeeze=2015-04-17=A humble young man with uncommon skills from a small southern town gets caught up in high stakes golf matches between big-time gamblers until the game becomes life and death.
G.I. Joe: The Revenge of Cobra=1984-09-10=Destro has created a Weather Dominator machine that can control the power of nature anywhere on earth. The G.I. Joe team stops Cobra Commander from using its destructive power, but during the battle, the machine is blown into three pieces and weather everywhere is thrown into chaos. G.I. Joe is in a race against time to recover the pieces first, so that they can stop the devastating weather and prevent Cobra from ruling the world!
Unhook the Stars=1996-09-04=Widowed mother Mildred must suddenly redefine herself and find an outlet for her nurturing side when her adult daughter moves out of the family home. Though Mildred thinks she's found her purpose when her neighbor, overworked single mother Monica, asks her to look after her little boy, she has great difficulty learning to strike a healthy balance between giving selflessly to others and remembering to take care of herself.
Harold and Maude=1971-12-20=The young Harold lives in his own world of suicide-attempts and funeral visits to avoid the misery of his current family and home environment. Harold meets an 80-year-old woman named Maude who also lives in her own world yet one in which she is having the time of her life. When the two opposites meet they realize that their differences don’t matter and they become best friends and love each other.
Sudden Danger=1955-12-14=Det Andy Doyle (Bill Elliott) suspects that a suicide is actually a murder. He suspects the victim's son, Wallace (Tom Drake) who is blind and he pursues him until he gets to the truth..
Io e te=2012-09-18=An introverted teenager tells his parents he is going on a ski trip, but instead spends his time alone in a basement.
La città gioca d'azzardo=1975-01-23="Luca Altieri is a gambler. He likes cards and he is a master in playing poker. He is a cardsharper too. He begins working for ""The President"", who has many gambling houses and everything seems to go well until Luca falls for Maria Luisa. Unfortunately for them, she is the girl of Corrado, the son of ""The President""..."
Scarred City=1999-07-23=A young cop gets thrown in with a special police squad who are acting as assassins against hoods and who don't care who gets in the way.
Phffft!=1954-11-10="When their marriage finally goes ""phffft!"", Nina and Robert get a divorce - only to discover that, like it or not, some people are just meant to be together!"
Alraune=1928-01-25="Hanns Heinz Ewers' grim science-fiction novel Alraune has already been filmed twice when this version was assembled in 1928. In another of his ""mad doctor"" roles, Paul Wegener plays Professor Brinken, sociopathic scientist who combines the genes of an executed murderer with those of a prostitute. The result is a beautiful young woman named Alraune (Brigitte Helm), who is incapable of feeling any real emotions -- least of all guilt or regret. Upon attaining adulthood, Alraune sets about to seduce and destroy every male who crosses her path. Ultimately, Professor Brinken is hoist on his own petard when he falls hopelessly in love with Alraune himself. Alraune was remade in 1930, with Brigitte Helm repeating her role, and again in 1951, with Hildegarde Knef as the ""heroine"" and Erich von Stroheim as her misguided mentor."
名探偵コナン 世紀末の魔術師=1999-04-17=Suzuki Zaibatsu found the 51st Easter Egg made by Russian Jewel maker February. Kaido Kido sent police a warning letter that he would stole the egg which Suzuki would display 4 days later. Kaido Kido (when) able to steal egg at the time when everyone's outside.
Where the Rivers Flow North=1993-06-14=Sleeper with a top notch cast in the story of a lone wolf logger who fights developers, bankers and the modern world to maintain his way of life.
The Steel Helmet=1951-02-02=A ragtag group of American stragglers battles against superior Communist troops in an abandoned Buddhist temple during the Korean War.
An Amish Murder=2013-01-06="In ""An Amish Murder"", the peaceful Amish farming community of Painter’s Mill, Ohio, is shattered when a series of brutal murders leaves the town with a sense of frailty and loss of innocence. Among the most affected by the tragedy was Kate Burkholder (Campbell), a young girl who survived the terror and, as a result, left the Amish life behind. Fifteen years later, Kate returns to Painter’s Mill as its Chief of Police. Certain she’s come to terms with her past, Kate’s renewed life in her hometown is shattered when a murder investigation triggers deep-seated emotions from her childhood and exposes a dark secret that could destroy her."
Yellow Rock=2011-11-01=Five men ride into the eerie town of Yellow Rock, hoping to rescue a family member and his lost boy. The leader, Max Dietrich, hires Mountain Man, Tom Hanner, to guide them into the Black Paw Tribe territory for the search.
Libel=1959-10-23=A California commercial pilot sees a telecast in London of an interviews with Sir Mark Lodden at his home. The Canadian is convinced that the baronet is a fraud, that he is actually a look-alike actor named Frank Welney
Waking Up in Reno=2002-12-13=Candy and Lonnie Earl are just crazy about each other. The problem: she's married to Roy and he's married to Darlene. So far it's been a secret affair. But that's about to change, because this foursome is driving cross-country and headed for some big surprises.
Octopussy=1983-06-05=James Bond is sent to investigate after a fellow “00” agent is found dead with a priceless Farberge egg. James bond follows the mystery and uncovers a smuggling scandal and a Russian General who wants to provoke a new World War.
Pasolini prossimo nostro=2006-11-24="We are on the set of ""Salò or the 120 days of Sodom"". Pasolini lets a small camera team led by the journalist Gideon Bachmann follow him around engaging him in a long and extraordinary interview/conversation. The interview turns into a long, clear-sighted and violent attack on society that accompanies photos of the set in a surprising juxtaposition of film and reality, revealing Pasolini's metaphorical portrait of modernity."
Christiane F. - Wir Kinder vom Bahnhof Zoo=1981-04-01=This movie portrays the drug scene in Berlin in the 70s, following tape recordings of Christiane F. 14 years old Christiane lives with her mother and little sister in a typical multi-storey apartment building in Berlin. She's fascinated by the 'Sound', a new disco with most modern equipment. Although she's legally too young, she asks a friend to take her. There she meets Detlef, who's in a clique where everybody's on drugs. Step by step she gets drawn deeper into the scene.
Arsène Lupin=2004-09-17=As the daring thief Arsène Lupin (Duris) ransacks the homes of wealthy Parisians, the police, with a secret weapon in their arsenal, attempt to ferret him out.
Vai Que Dá Certo=2013-03-22=5 friends have a plan to rob a transporter that can change their lives.
Цирк сгорел, и клоуны разбежались=1998-03-23=A film director Nikolai Khudokormov is on the brink of his 50th anniversary. He has the whole life rich in events under his belt: creative quests, several marriages and children. Now he has to live with an old insane Mother and seems to be indifferent to what is going on around. But at the same time he is obsessed by the idea to make a film which will be his best one. Nikolai makes every effort to raise the money for this project. And all the time he is followed by a mysterious stranger. She is a beautiful young creature who speaks to him about the vanity of the world and the meaningless of a human life. Finally, Nikolai realizes that he is speaking to the Death herself.
ஓ காதல் கண்மணி=2015-04-17=Adhi and Tara are in a live-in relationship and but they are both unwilling to get married. How do they realize that marriage is just a natural progression of their relationship?
Equinox=1970-10-01=Four friends are attacked by a demon while on a picnic, due to possession of a tome of mystic information. Told in flashbacks by the sole survivor.
Luv=1967-07-26=Harry is a barely functional human. He meets an old friend who is having marital problems as Harry is about to leap off of a bridge. His friend decides that Harry is the man to take his wife away from him so that Milt can be with his girlfriend. Ellen and Harry have an instant attraction and in a short while Harry is wearing Milt's suits and Milt is free. But, Ellen soon discovers that Harry is the world's worst roommate.
Mr Accident=2000-03-24=Mr Accident is a satirical, romantic rocket ride through the lives of a bunch of losers hurtling into the chaos that is contemporary life. It's a circus of cool catastrophes underpinned by a moral tale about the downside of addiction and corporate globalisation. It's a trip!
El crítico=2013-04-11=Tellez is a strict and prestigious film critic, totally weary of Hollywood romantic comedies and certain that the best of the seventh art died long time ago. Maybe because of its work, suffers from what he calls the ‘maladie du cinema’: He sees the world like if it was a big movie that, in addition, he cannot keep from criticizing. While searching for his new apartment, he unexpectedly meets Sofia, a young and attractive woman that has very little to do with his good taste. ‘Elemental, constructed on a basis of cliches’ he would describe her. Movements of random bring them together over and over again, in strangely idyllic situations. Tellez attempts to escape from a staging that he loathes, but suspects that the movie genre that he hates the most is taking its revenge.
Steve Rannazzisi: Breaking Dad=2015-09-19=“The League’s” Steve Rannazzisi hits Boston’s Wilbur stage with his tales of life, marriage and yes, being a dad. A really funny dad.
Dor=2006-09-22=Shankar Singh and his wife, Meera, live in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India along with widowed paternal grandmother, Laxmibai, his mom, Gowri, and dad, Randhir. The family feel that they are blessed after Meera's entry in this family. Shankar must go and abroad in Saudi Arabia and bids farewell to Meera, promising to keep in touch, which he does, and also sends them a large portion of his earnings, which is used to pay off the family's debts. Then when no word is received from him, a worried Meera phones, and is devastated to learn that Shankar has been killed by being thrown off a 10th floor balcony. Her status quickly changes, her jewelery, ornaments, fancy clothes are taken off, and she is told to remain indoors. wear dark clothes, and is only allowed to pray at a Mandir.
La guerre est finie=1966-05-10=A group of Spanish refugees try to organize protests from France. Their network is under constant threat by the police and some of them have recently been arrested. The main character (played by Yves Montand) dedicated his whole life to the battle but he feels forever estranged. He doesn't find his place nor in his adoptive country (France) nor in love.  But this film is not about the story, it's all about style. Alain Resnais has an original approach in this film and this is the thing that makes this film worth watching.
Being There=1979-12-19=A simple-minded gardener named Chance has spent all his life in the Washington D.C. house of an old man. When the man dies, Chance is put out on the street with no knowledge of the world except what he has learned from television.
해변의 여인=2006-08-31=Stymied by writer's block while crafting his latest script, director Kim Jung-rae persuades his friend Won Chang-wook to drive him to a beach resort—where he promptly becomes involved with Chang-wook's girlfriend. Abandoning her and taking up with another woman, Jung-rae winds up creating enough drama to inspire his writing.
The Apartment=1960-06-15=Bud Baxter is a minor clerk in a huge New York insurance company, until he discovers a quick way to climb the corporate ladder. He lends out his apartment to the executives as a place to take their mistresses. Although he often has to deal with the aftermath of their visits, one night he's left with a major problem to solve.
Outpost=2007-03-11=In a seedy bar in a town ravaged by war, scientist and businessman Hunt hires mercenary and former Royal Marine D.C. to assemble a crack team of ex-soldiers to protect him on a dangerous journey into no-man's land. Their mission is to scope out an old military bunker in Eastern Europe. It should be easy – 48 hours at the most. Lots of cash for little risk. Or so he says...
بچه‌های آسمان=1997-08-01=Zohre's shoes are gone; her older brother Ali lost them. They are poor, there are no shoes for Zohre until they come up with an idea: they will share one pair of shoes, Ali's. School awaits...
True Grit=1969-06-11="The murder of her father sends a teenage tomboy, Mattie Ross (Kim Darby), on a mission of ""justice"", which involves avenging her father's death. She recruits a tough old marshal, ""Rooster"" Cogburn (John Wayne), because he has ""grit"", and a reputation of getting the job done. The two are joined by a Texas Ranger, La Boeuf (Glen Campbell), who is looking for the same man (Jeff Corey) for a separate murder in Texas. Their odyssey takes them from Fort Smith, Arkansas, deep into the Indian Territory (present day Oklahoma) to find their man."
Venkovský učitel=2008-03-20=A gifted and well-qualified young teacher takes a job teaching natural sciences at a grammar school in the country. Here he makes the acquaintance of a woman and her troubled 17-year old son. The teac... read more read more...her has no romantic interest in the woman but they quickly form a strong friendship, each recognizing the other's uncertainties, hopes and longing for love.
Hyènes=1992-09-18=After being kicked out of her African village three decades earlier for getting pregnant out of wedlock, Linguere (Ami Diakhate) has returned home. While Linguere has done well for herself, her home village has fallen on hard economic times. Intent on punishing Dramaan (Mansour Diouf), the man who fathered her child but refused to own up to the act, Linguere makes a proposal: She will help the town financially, if the locals agree to execute Dramaan.
Stay Tuned=1992-08-14=Salesman Roy Knable spends all his free time watching television, to the exasperation of his wife, Helen. One day, TV salesman Spike convinces Roy to buy a satellite dish offering 666 channels. The new addition to Roy's home entertainment system sucks him and Helen into Hellvision, a realm run by Spike, who is an emissary of Satan. For 24 hours, the couple must survive devilish parodies of TV programs if they want to return to reality alive.
Édith et Marcel=1983-01-01=This tragic musical drama chronicles the star-crossed love between beloved French singer Edith Piaf and World Middleweight boxing champion Marcel Cerdan who died in a plane crash. The tumultuous affair is paralleled by the love affair of a French POW and his young pen pal who get engaged after writing to each other for four years and having never met. Their romances are framed by the sad, torchy songs of Piaf.
1987=2014-08-06=In 1987 Ricardo is 17 years old. This summer, Ricardo has a busy schedule: loose his virginity, find a way to get into bars, have a car, spend time with his friends. In order to rapidly make money, Ricardo decides to use his italian inheritance and take a shortcut in the medium of crime. But things will go wrong...
Vladeniye 18=2014-03-13=Sveta and Maxim, a happy newlyweds, are moving to their hew apartment only to discover that there is something mysterious and wrong about their new building.
L'Homme de Chevet=2009-11-18=Muriel is beautiful, free-spirited and bed-ridden since a horrific accident. Leo is a drunk middle-aged ex-boxer. Desperate for work and unqualified, he interviews for Muriel, who hires him to cook and care for her against her better judgment. Initially out of his depth, Leo slowly wins Muriel's trust. As Muriel teaches him to read, he forces her to confront the joys beyond her window.
Youngblood=1978-05-24=A gang war/drug story set in a Los Angeles ghetto about the coming of age of a 15-year-old black youth.
Mall=2014-06-18=Malcom's done with his life. Only the noise of Crystal Meth gives him a reason to keep going - everything else it has long regardless. Equipped with a bag full of weapons and self-made bombs, he makes his way to the nearby mall to really stir things up. On his personal war campaign, he not only changes his life radically, but also the fate of other people who are in the wrong place at the same time: a teenager whose favorite pastime is smoking pot in his dreary existence, a housewife, where their best days have been left behind, a greedy businessman whose only desire is to increase his wealth and a depressed pervert.
John Loves Mary=1949-01-01=After four long years apart, there are so many things returning World War II soldier John Lawrence wants to tell his sweetheart, Mary McKinley. That he loves her. That he's missed her. And that he's married.
The London Nobody Knows=1967-01-01=Based on Geoffrey Fletcher’s book, this captivating documentary exposes the real London of the swinging sixties. Turning its back on familiar sights, the film explores the hidden details of a crumbling metropolis. With James Mason as our Guide, we are led on an tour of the weird and wonderful pockets of London from abandoned music-halls to egg breaking factories.
Due Amici=2002-03-20=Two Sicilian friends, Nunzio and Pino, share the same apartment in Turin. Nunzio works in a factory but is laid off because of his illness. Pino, on the other hand, is a mysterious man and he is always traveling because of his work. Nunzio would very much like to know what his friend is doing for a living but Pino will not tell him. Nunzio spends his free time the best he can in his friend's absences. He ends up falling in love with Maria, a commercial employee, whereas his health condition deteriorates...
Un Conte de Noël=2008-05-16=When their regal matriarch falls ill, the troubled Vuillard family come together for a hesitant Christmastime reunion. Among them is rebellious ne'er-do-well Henri and the uptight Elizabeth. Together under the same roof for the first time in many years, their intricate, long denied resentments and yearnings emerge again.
Ian Harvie: May the Best Cock Win=2016-12-29=Ian Harvie is not quite the kind of man you might think. He's redefining what it means to be a dude through a fresh perspective on sex/sexuality with some seriously funny and new kinds of dick jokes. Proving that laughter cuts across all identities and ultimately unites us all. Oh and, Ian is the world's first trans man comedian with a stand up comedy special.
Yolki-palki!=1988-01-01=Yevgeny Yevstigneyev, Georgy Burkov, Leonid Yarmolnik, Galina Polskikh in a sad comedy by Sergey Nikonenko based on Vasily Shukshin’s short stories “Touches on the Portrait”, “The Stubborn One”, “The Strong Go Further”. Nikolai Knyazev works in a TV repair shop. God has blessed him with golden hands and heart, yet the majority of his fellow-town folk think he’s a bit nutty. And for a good reason: he’s constructing a perpetual motion machine, for years has been writing a philosophical treatise, dreaming of world fame and looking down on the other inhabitants of this sinful earth. But no matter how hard he is looking, he can’t see where his happiness (that is, post-office employee Lyuba) lies…
Wałęsa. Człowiek z nadziei=2013-09-05=How was it possible that a single man influenced contemporary world so significantly? This film is an attempt to capture the phenomenon of a common man’s metamorphosis into a charismatic leader — an attempt to see how a Gdansk shipyard electrician fighting for workers’ rights awakened a hidden desire for freedom in millions of people.
Theory of Obscurity: A Film About the Residents=2015-03-14=Theory of Obscurity tells the story of the renegade sound and video collective known as The Residents…a story that spans 40 years and is clouded in mystery. Many details surrounding the group are secret, including the identities of its members. They always perform wearing masks and costumes, which is part of their magic.  At its heart, this story is about perseverance and chasing your dream. The Residents never caved to convention. They never compromised. They’ve followed their muse for decades and thousands of fans have hung on for the ride. Along the way they’ve also inspired many people to be weird, take chances and find their own voice.
Rough Cut=1980-06-19=A romantic comedy with action and suspense. Two sophisticated jewel thieves join forces to steal $30 million in uncut jewels. Despite a continuous exchange of quips they eventually become romantically involved.
The Linguists=2008-01-17=The Linguists is a hilarious and poignant chronicle of two scientists—David Harrison and Gregory Anderson—racing to document languages on the verge of extinction. In Siberia, India, and Bolivia, the linguists confront head-on the very forces silencing languages: racism, humiliation, and violent economic unrest. David and Greg's journey takes them deep into the heart of the cultures, knowledge, and communities at risk when a language dies.
Znachor=1982-04-12=A famous surgeon is beaten by drunken bullies, loses his memory and cannot recollect who he was before. He gets to a village, lives in a not so well to do family and becomes the Quack - he slowly regains his talent for medicine and saves the lives of several village patients.
Dear Mr. Gacy=2010-05-10=A chronicle of the interaction between college student Jason Moss and the object of his obsession, serial killer John Wayne Gacy.
Simon Werner a disparu=2010-10-22=March 1992, in a small town in the suburbs of Paris. During an alcohol fueled party, teenagers discover a body hidden in the bushes of a forest. A body that seems lifeless. Two weeks earlier. Simon, a 16 year-old teenager, has not shown up for class. Blood stains are found in a class-room. Run-away, kidnap, suicide, murder? A few days later, Laetitia, a student from the same class goes missing without her parents knowing where she has gone. A young girl with no dark background or connection to Simon. The next day, Jean-Baptiste, a third student, also disappears. Rumors start to spread. The psychosis begins...
Marco Polo: One Hundred Eyes=2015-12-26=Before he lost his sight. Before he pledged his service to Kublai Khan. Hundred Eyes saw what made him into the deadly assassin who trains Marco Polo.
Dil Dhadakne Do=2015-06-05=Dil Dhadakne Do is a story about a dysfunctional Punjabi family starring Anil Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Farhan Akhtar, Ranveer Singh, Anushka Sharma and Rahul Bose in a special appearance.On a cruise to celebrate their parents' 30th wedding anniversary, a brother and sister deal with the impact of family considerations on their romantic lives.
The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard=2009-08-14=Who is Don Ready? Salesman? Lover? Song Stylist? Semi-professional dolphin trainer? Ready is all of the above - except for a dolphin trainer. When he’s asked to help save an ailing local car dealership from bankruptcy, Ready and his ragtag crew descend on the town of Temecula like a pack of coyotes on a basket full of burgers.
4=2005-01-28=Two men and a woman happen to meet in a bar. We learn from their conversations both the intriguing and banal details of their lives. But is anyone really telling the truth?
Astérix et la surprise de César=1985-03-06=Obelix falls for a new arrival in his home village in Gaul, but is heartbroken when her true love arrives to visit her. However, the lovers are kidnapped by Romans; Asterix and Obelix set out to rescue them on a dangerous journey that will involve gladiators, slavers and beauracracy - and a personal encounter with the Emperor himself, Julius Caesar...
Fresh Horses=1988-11-18=A Cincinnati college student breaks off his engagement to his wealthy fiancée after he falls in love with a backwoods Kentucky girl he meets at a party. She says she's 20, but he finds out she's 16 and married to an abusive husband.
Зомби каникулы 3D=2013-08-14=When a meteor lands during a beach party, it kicks off a zombie apocalypse.
Absolute Beginners=1986-01-01=A musical adaptation of Colin MacInnes' novel about life in late 1950s London. Nineteen-year-old photographer Colin is hopelessly in love with model Crepe Suzette, but her relationships are strictly connected with her progress in the fashion world. So Colin gets involved with a pop promoter and tries to crack the big time. Meanwhile, racial tension is brewing in Colin's Notting Hill housing estate...
The Eye of the Storm=2011-09-07=In a Sydney suburb, two nurses, Maria and Flora, a housekeeper, Lotte, and a solicitor, Arnold, attend to Elizabeth Hunter as her expatriate son Sir Basil, a famous but struggling actor in London, and daughter Dorothy, a divorced and down at heel princess, convene at her deathbed. They come to make sure they can leave Australia with their hefty inheritance.
Grass: A Nation's Battle for Life=1925-03-20=A silent documentary which follows a branch of the Bakhtiari tribe of Persia as they and their herds make their seasonal journey to better pastures.
The Wrong Man=1956-12-22=True story of an innocent man mistaken for a criminal.
輪廻=2005-10-26=A Japanese actress begins having strange visions and experiences after landing a role in a horror film about a real-life murder spree that took place over forty years ago.
A Shine of Rainbows=2009-10-01=An orphaned boy named Tomás is adopted by Maire O’Donnell to live on a whimsical Irish isle filled with new friends, secret caves and a lost baby pup seal stranded on the coast. But when Maire's reluctant husband Alec refuses to accept Tomás as his own son, the boy drifts down a fateful path of adventure and self-discovery, illuminating how rainbows can shine around - and within - us all.
Somebody to Love=1994-09-27=Mercedes is a taxi dancer who wants to be an actress. She's involved with the married Harry, who considers himself a respected actor. Ernesto is in love with Mercedes, but he doesn't dance or have money.
The Allnighter=1987-05-01=Molly (Hoffs), Val (Pfeiffer) and Gina (Cusack) are graduating college, but on their final night, frustrations are aired. Molly is still looking for real love and Val is beginning to doubt if that is what she has found. Gina is too busy videotaping everything to really notice. When the final party at Pacifica College kicks off, things do not go exactly as planned.
Yanco=1961-11-01=The engaging and sentimental tale begins when the little boy (Ricardo Ancona) starts manifesting a greater and greater talent at music and at the same time, a supersensitivity to sounds. His overly astute hearing drives him into the woods and away from the cacophony of the town's hustle and bustle. Once in the woods, he meets a kindly old hermit who teaches him how to play the violin he made. After the old man dies, the violin ends up at a pawn shop, and each night the boy sneaks in to play it in secret. It is this haunting, nightly music that sets the town on edge -- people think an evil spirit is on the loose.
Land des Schweigens und der Dunkelheit=1971-10-08=Through examining Fini Straubinger, an old woman who has been deaf and blind since her teens, and her work on behalf of other deaf-blind people, this film shows how the deaf-blind struggle to understand and accept a world from which they are almost wholly isolated.
Held For Ransom=1938-06-17=A female detective investigates the kidnapping of a wealthy businessman.
Madagascar Skin=1995-01-26=This is the story of Harry and Flint, an unlikely couple. Harry is a shy young gay man who can't seem to fit into his local bar scene. Flint is a crusty, older, and seemingly straight man with a questionable background. They meet on a gorgeous coastline, and evolve from distrust to deep love.
Bacalaureat=2016-05-20=Romeo Aldea, a physician living in a small mountain town in Transylvania, has raised his daughter Eliza with the idea that once she turns 18, she will leave to study and live abroad. His plan is close to succeeding. Eliza has won a scholarship to study psychology in the UK. She just has to pass her final exams – a formality for such a good student. On the day before her first written exam, Eliza is assaulted in an attack that could jeopardize her entire future. Now Romeo has to make a decision. There are ways of solving the situation, but none of them using the principles he, as a father, has taught his daughter.
Zazie dans le métro=1960-10-28=A brash and precocious ten-year-old (Catherine Demongeot) comes to Paris for a whirlwind weekend with her rakish uncle (Philippe Noiret); he and the viewer get more than they bargained for, however, in this anarchic comedy from Louis Malle, which rides roughshod over the City of Light. Based on a popular novel by Raymond Queneau that had been considered unadaptable, Malle’s audacious Zazie dans le métro, made with flair on the cusp of the French New Wave, is a bit of stream-of-consciousness slapstick, wall-to-wall with visual gags, editing tricks, and effects.
Alexandre le bienheureux=1968-02-09=Alexandre, a young and honest farmer, is oppressed by an authoritarian wife, who makes him work like a dog. When she dies in a car crash, he decides to stay in bed, absolutely free and inactive. Just a dog is occupied to carry food and newspapers to him.
They Came Together=2014-06-27=A small business owner is about to lose her shop to a major corporate development.
Lucky: No Time for Love=2005-04-08=Mr. Sekhri is the Indian Ambassador in Russia, and his Chief Assistant is Mr. Negi. Sekhri is widowed with a son named Aditya, while Negi is married and has brought his wife, Anjali, and two daughters, Lucky and Dhara, with him to Russia. One day while going to school, Lucky's bicycle has a flat tire...
はなび=1997-09-03=A police officer leaves the force in the face of harrowing personal and professional difficulties. Spiraling into a depression, he makes questionable decisions.
Sombre=1998-08-06=A serial killer stalks sisters he befriended after their car broke down.
Unfinished Business=2015-03-05=A hard-working small business owner and his two associates travel to Europe to close the most important deal of their lives.  But what began as a routine business trip goes off the rails in every imaginable – and unimaginable – way, including unplanned stops at a massive sex fetish event and a global economic summit.
Jam=2007-07-03=A traffic accident on a rural mountain road becomes a life changing experience for fifteen diverse travelers.
Mort d'un pourri=1977-12-07=In the middle of the night, deputy Philippe Dubaye wakes up his old friend Xavier Maréchal with disturbing news: he has just killed Serrano, a racketeer with extant political connections. Serrano kept proofs of Dubaye's involvement in corrupt dealings and was poised to use them against the deputy. Xavier readily agrees to cover up for his old pal Philippe, but he soon runs into difficulties. Nobody believes Dubaye's alibi. And everybody -- influential personalities, powerful businessmen, dubious go-betweens and the police -- wants to get hold of the documents that served to blackmail Dubaye; by all possible means...
Air Bud=1997-08-01=A young boy and a talented stray dog with an amazing basketball playing ability become instant friends. Rebounding from his father's accidental death, 12-year-old Josh Framm moves with his family to the small town of Fernfield, Washington. The new kid in town, Josh has no friends and is too shy to try out for the school basketball team. Instead he prefers to practice alone on an abandoned court, he befriends a runaway golden retriever named Buddy. Josh is amazed when he realizes that Buddy loves basketball...that is playing basketball...and he is GOOD! Josh eventually makes the school team and Buddy is named the Team Mascot. Josh and Buddy become the stars of halftime. Buddy's half-time talent draws media attention. Unfortunately, when Buddy's mean former owner, Norm Snively, comes along with a scheme to cash in on the pup's celebrity, it looks like they are going to be separated.
Music and Lyrics=2007-02-09=A washed up singer is given a couple days to compose a chart-topping hit for an aspiring teen sensation. Though he's never written a decent lyric in his life, he sparks with an offbeat younger woman with a flair for words.
Les petits mouchoirs=2010-10-20=Despite a traumatic event, a group of friends decide to go ahead with their annual beach vacation. Their relationships, convictions, sense of guilt and friendship are sorely tested. They are finally forced to own up to the little white lies they've been telling each other.
Bride of Frankenstein=1935-04-21=Bride of Frankenstein begins where James Whale's Frankenstein from 1931 ended. Dr. Frankenstein has not been killed as previously portrayed and now he wants to get away from the mad experiments. Yet when his wife is kidnapped by his creation, Frankenstein agrees to help him create a new monster, this time a woman.
Moja krew=2009-06-19=Igor is a professional boxer whose world comes to a halt when he learns that his brain has been severely damaged from his many years of fighting. Refusing to undergo surgery, he knows that his days are numbered. Not having much left, his last desire is to leave a child behind as his legacy. A young Vietnamese immigrant, Yen Ha, agrees to have his baby in return for Polish citizenship. Despite the nature of their agreement, they slowly fall in love, but then Igor's health deteriorates...
La femme du Vème=2011-11-16=An American writer moves to Paris to be closer to his daughter and finds himself falling immediately on hard times.
Angry Indian Goddesses=2015-09-18=Frieda, a fashioncommercial photographer trying to find her own art, gathers her closest girlfriends from all over India to travel to Goa for a surprise announcement: she’s getting married! Thus begins an impromptu bachelorette celebration that lasts for a full week. A riotous roller-coaster ride of girl bonding; friendships, break ups, make ups, fuck ups, passion, devastation, hesitation, terrorization and self realization. Amidst the fun and frenzy, heartbreak and heartache, passion and obsession, youth and innocence, secrets tumble out, tensions emerge, bonds are formed and emotions run high. Soon events will take a more serious turn, but for the moment these women are determined to seize the day.
The Timber=2015-02-27=In the wild west, two brothers embark on a journey to collect a bounty in a desperate attempt to save their home: but what they find along the way is more than they bargained for.
Hecho en México=2012-09-21="From Diego Luna and Alejandro Fernandez, to Carla Morrison and Chavela Vargas, Duncan Bridgeman weaves a cinematic tapestry composed of original songs and insights from the most iconic artists and performers of contemporary Mexico. With striking visuals, the movie captures the rich diversity of Mexican geography, art, music, and culture. It is a rare look at the country's real identity, and an unparalleled celebration of what it truly means to be ""Hecho en Mexico."""
Oliver Sherman=2011-02-04=Feeling lost and disconnected, with no family of his own, veteran Sherman Oliver sets out to the countryside in search of the soldier who saved him back in the war. That man, Franklin Page, has long since moved on - to a wife, two children, and a reliable job in a reliably safe and quiet rural town. The stability Franklin worked so hard to establish is soon threatened, and the violence he believed he'd left behind in the war begins to re-emerge and cloud over both the household and the town itself.
Night Of The Living Dead 3D=2007-05-06=Both an homage to and a re-imagining of the original 1968 film, this update follows a group of survivors trapped in a farmhouse battling a siege of undead zombies....in 3D!
Giulia non esce la sera=2009-02-27=Guido, an acclaimed author, leads an idyllic life with his beautiful wife and teenage daughter. But despite his seemingly perfect existence, Guido's restless search for inspiration leads him into the arms of Giulia, a charming and mysterious swim instructor, who is hiding a secret from her past.
The Hunting Party=2007-09-03=An emerging journalist (Jesse Eisenberg), an experienced cameraman (Terrence Howard), and a discredited reporter (Richard Gere) find their bold plan to capture Bosnia's top war criminal quickly spiraling out of control when a UN representative mistakes them for a CIA hit squad in a light-hearted thriller inspired by Scott Anderson's popular Esquire article. The Weinstein Company provides stateside
Bloody Bloody Bible Camp=2012-05-25="In 1977 a group of young, horny, out of control Christians are spending a fun filled weekend at the mountain lakeside Happy Day Bible Camp. One by one these youthful sinners pay a BLOODY penance for their misdeeds. Flash forward 7 years, when another youth group of Bible toters return, lead by ""Father Richard Cummings"" (Reggie Bannister), ""Sister Mary Chopper,"" (Tim Sullivan) goes bloody murder after the camp - emphasis on CAMP - with stand out performances by folks like Gigi Bannister, Jessica Sonneborn, Troy Guthrie, Deborah Venegas, Jay Fields, and Jeff Dylan Graham. In the end, Bannister and Troup must face down the a transvestite serial killing nun in a fight to the death, and call upon the higher graces of the infamous Ron Jeremy as ""Jesus"" guide them through! A hilarious campy equal opportunity offensive film that will have you DIE laughing!"
If a Man Answers=1962-10-10=Chantel worries about her new marriage to photographer Eugene failing so she decides to take her mother's advice and manipulate him. First, her mother gives her a book that will solve all her problems about how to treat a husband - namely a book on how to train dogs. Then, her mother gives her a second trick, an imaginary boyfriend who used to come in handy during her own marriage to Chantel's father. However, if Chantel's mother made this man up, what is she going to do when Eugene brings him home for dinner one night?
Еще один год=2014-01-15=He's an unemployed guy who earns some money by giving lifts to strangers. She's a graphic designer who just got her first job. The film tracks their relationship - and the way it gradually melts away - throughout a year. A subtle, moving portrait of an immature love that breaks down easily.
Border Radio=1987-11-01=Before carving out a niche as one of the most distinct voices in nineties American cinema, Allison Anders made her debut, alongside codirectors and fellow UCLA film school students Kurt Voss and Dean Lent, with 1987’s Border Radio. A low-key, semi-improvised postpunk diary that took four years to complete, Border Radio features legendary rocker Chris D., of the Flesh Eaters, as a singer/songwriter who has stolen loot from a club and gone missing, leaving his wife (Luanna Anders), a no-nonsense rock journalist, to track him down with the help of his friends (John Doe of the band X; Chris Shearer). With its sprawling Southern Californian and Mexican landscapes, captured in evocative 16mm black and white, Border Radio is a singular, DIY memento of the indie film explosion in America.
Intimate Relations=1996-01-01=A young merchant marine turns up in an English coastal town looking for a brother he barely knows. When his brother's wife rebukes him he takes up with the Beasley family. However, soon the mother and daughter are chasing and ending up in the man's bed. However, soon both women start showing up at the same time which is a little much for him.
Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her=1999-10-28=In California, a group of women struggle with personal problems as their paths intertwine in unexpected ways. Dr. Elaine Keener, the sole caretaker for her aging mother, turns to tarot card reader Christine for spiritual aid. Christine grapples with her own angst due to her lover's debilitating illness. Meanwhile, a bank manager deals with an unwanted pregnancy, two sisters pursue romantic interests and a housewife gets back into the dating game.
The Craigslist Killer=2011-01-03=Based on a true story. Philip Markoff, a charismatic and popular med student at Boston University, leads a double life as a brutal and cruel sexual deviant who abuses prostitutes he finds via Craigslist.
Adventures Of A Taxi Driver=1976-04-30=Joe North is a London taxi driver who manages to get himself into any number of sexual situations with various women.
C.S.A.: The Confederate States of America=2004-01-01="Through the eyes of a British ""documentary"", this film takes a satirically humorous, and sometimes frightening, look at the history of an America where the South won the Civil War."
Good Neighbours=2011-06-03=Takes place in 1995, the year of the second referendum on the separation of Quebec. In the dead of winter, a serial killer is on the loose in the small Montreal neighborhood of Notre Dame de Grace. The tenants of an old apartment house must figure out who they can trust and who they can't.
Waiting for Godot=2001-01-01=Two tramps wait for a man named Godot, but instead meet a pompous man and his stooped-over slave.
Hundra=1983-01-01=Born in a tribe of fierce warrior women, Hundra has been raised to despise the influence of men. An archer, fighter and sword fighter, Hundra is superior to any male. Hundra finds her family slain and takes a vow of revenge until one day she meets her match.
Blondie Goes Latin=1941-02-27=The 8th film in the Blondie series  - Blondie Goes Latin.  Mr. Dithers invites the Bumstead's on a South American cruise.  Somehow Dagwood winds up as the female drummer in the ship's band, while Penny Singleton gets to show off her Broadway background in some lively musical numbers.
Sunnyside=1919-06-15=Chaplin plays a handyman at a hotel. His love interest in the village is the girl played by Edna Purviance. A young man from the city arrives and appears to have an eye for Edna too. Chaplin tries to win her back.
Hillbillys in a Haunted House=1967-05-01=Country singers on their way to Nashville have car trouble, forcing them to stop at an old haunted mansion. Soon they realize that the house is not only haunted, but is also the headquarters of a ring of international spies after a top secret formula for rocket fuel.
Reach The Rock=1998-10-16=A small town troublemaker (Alessandro Nivola), directionless and alienated, ends up spending a night in a jail cell, where he and the police chief (William Sadler) engage in a battle of wills and wit.
We're Not Dressing=1934-04-27=Beautiful high society type Doris Worthington is entertaining guests on her yacht in the Pacific when it hits a reef and sinks. She makes her way to an island with the help of singing sailor Stephen Jones. Her friend Edith, Uncle Hubert, and Princes Michael and Alexander make it to the same island but all prove to be useless in the art of survival. The sailor is the only one with the practical knowhow to survive but Doris and the others snub his leadership offer. That is until he starts a clam bake and wafts the fumes in their starving faces. The group gradually gives into his leadership, the only question now is if Doris will give into his charms.
Bon voyage=2003-04-16=Isabelle Adjani and Gerard Depardieu star in director Jean-Paul Rappenau's amusing farce set on the eve of World War II, which follows the intersecting lives of four Parisians as they cope with the impending invasion of their city by German forces. As the French government braces for impact, the lives of a young writer, a vain movie star, a French politician and a young scientist are examined as they attempt to deal with war and evade German spies.
The Stepford Wives=2004-06-10=What does it take to become a Stepford wife, a woman perfect beyond belief? Ask the Stepford husbands, who've created this high-tech, terrifying little town.
Apflickorna=2011-01-31=When Emma meets Cassandra, they initiate a relationship filled with physical and psychological challenges. Emma does whatever it takes to master the rules of the game. Lines are crossed and the stakes get higher and higher. Despite this, Emma can't resist the intoxicating feeling of total control.
Natural Selection=2011-03-13=When a dutiful, albeit barren Christian housewife discovers that her devout husband has suffered a stroke at a sperm bank where he's been secretly donating his seed for the past 25 years, she leaves her sheltered world and starts off on a journey to find his eldest biological son - a mullet-headed, foul-mouthed ex-con with whom she develops an odd but meaningful relationship.
Candleshoe=1977-12-16=Candleshoe is a 1977 Walt Disney Productions live action movie based on the Michael Innes novel Christmas at Candleshoe and starring Jodie Foster, Helen Hayes in her last screen appearance, David Niven and Leo McKern.
The Hide=2008-01-01=On the windswept Suffolk mudflats creaks a bird-hide, inside which hovers Roy Tunt, a prematurely aged, mildly obsessive-compulsive birder. With one more sighting - the elusive sociable plover - he will have 'twitched' the entire British List. Tunt has his shortwave radio, packed-lunch and a portrait of his ex-wife Sandra for company. Suddenly, in the midst of a conversation with Sandra's portrait, the hide door blows open and a bedraggled stranger - unshaven, edgy and bloodied introduces himself as Dave John, a fugitive from the storm. After a tense introduction, the two men discover that they have a good deal in common, sharing sandwiches, tea and personal exchanges which are frank, poignant and often funny. As the two men begin to form a close bond news of a police manhunt sets them both on edge driving their fragile relationship to a tragic conclusion.
寒戰=2012-11-08="They say Hong Kong is the safest city in Asia. But tonight, a police van has been hijacked along with the arms, equipment and the five officers aboard, one of the hostages being the only son of police deputy commissioner M.B. Lee! With the chief commissioner away on a conference overseas, the fiery Lee immediately takes command of the rescue operation – codenamed ""Cold War"" – but the mysterious kidnappers clearly know the police procedures and are therefore in an advantageous position. Objecting to Lee's aggressive but futile methods, the other deputy commissioner Sean Lau  steps in at this time of crisis to lead the operation. But even Lau's careful plan to negotiate with the kidnappers ends up a failure, losing the $50 million cash ransom and the life of his lieutenant in the process. Meanwhile, the ICAC (Independent Commission Against Corruption) begins to investigate Lau and Lee on suspicion of having hidden ties to the kidnappers..."
L'Apollonide : Souvenirs de la Maison Close=2011-09-20=A young woman begins a new life at the Apollonide bordello, a high-class brothel in Paris.
Cinderella=1914-12-28=Based on Charles Perrault's fairy tale: Cinderella is mistreated by her stepmother and stepsisters, but she is able to go to the Royal Ball with the help of the Fairy Godmother.
Daughters Courageous=1939-07-22=Nan Masters, a single mother living with her four marriageable daughters, plans to marry Sam Sloane, businessman. Out of the blue her 1st husband Jim returns after deserting the family 20 years earlier. The worldly wanderer Jim gets a cool family reception at first but his warm personality gradually wins the affections of his four daughters. In fact, youngest daughter Buff, who has her eye on a maverick of her own in Gabriel Lopez, is pleased when Jim grants his stamp of approval on her relationship. Buff plans to elope with Gabriel on her mother's wedding day, but 'unpredictable' is Gabriel's middle name.
The Edge=1997-09-06=The plane carrying wealthy Charles Morse crashes down in the Alaskan wilderness. Together with the two other passengers, photographer Robert and assistant Stephen, Charles devises a plan to help them reach civilization. However, his biggest obstacle might not be the elements, or even the Kodiak bear stalking them -- it could be Robert, whom Charles suspects is having an affair with his wife and would not mind seeing him dead.
Miracle Run=2003-10-06=Single mom Corrine discovers that her twins are autistic. She refuses to give up on their potential, even though it seems that the rest of the world has turned its back on them. Thanks to this incredible mother's support, her boys accomplish the unimaginable.
Dzień Świra=2002-07-07=It is a bitter story about a middle-aged man, who hates his life and other people, including himself. Adam Miauczynski, the character known from director Marek Koterski's previous films, is a 44 year-old teacher, who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names. The worst pain for him is the next 5 minutes of living. He doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression. Though constantly dreaming of a romantic love, he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true. The desperate Miauczynski personalizes our own fears and obsessions, which have become so visible recently.
A Home of Our Own=1993-11-05=The story is located in Los Angeles in the sixties. An energetic widow, Frances Lacey, with her six children try to make a dream of theirs come true: to have a home of their own. Therefore they leave Los Angeles and head for the countryside, while facing all kinds of difficulties during their journey.
Sleeping Giant=2015-05-14=A coming-of-age tale that turns on three teenagers who are having a vacation by a lakeside.
The Endless Summer 2=1994-06-03=Bruce Brown, king of surfing documentaries, returns after nearly thirty years to trace the steps of two young surfers to top surfing spots around the world. Along the way we see many of the people and locales Bruce visited during the filming of Endless Summer (1966).
Remains=2011-12-06=The story centers on two lone survivors of a bizarre accident that reduced most of the world's population to zombies. They take refuge in a vacant casino and fight a losing battle against the undead.
The Point Men=2001-09-07=Some time after their botched operation to capture a known Palestinian terrorist, a team of Israeli agents starts to get killed off one by one. Their leader must get to the bottom of things before the killer(s) plan is complete.
Power/Rangers=2015-02-24=Deboot of the Power Rangers. Joseph Kahn's take on the FAN FILM. Not a pilot, not a series, not for profit, strictly for exhibition. This is a bootleg experiment not affiliated or endorsed by Saban Entertainment or Lionsgate nor is it selling any product. He claims no rights to any of the characters. This is the NSFW version.
The Fourth Annual 'On Cinema' Oscar Special=2016-02-28=Tim showcases his band Dekkar, finds closure with Tom Cruise Jr.'s passing and awaits a call from Ben Carson and a visit from Johnny Depp, while Gregg hosts the Oscar Olympics and prepares his biggest finale ever.
Catchfire=1990-04-03=A witness to a mob assassination flees for her life from town to town, switching identities, but cannot seem to elude Milo, the chief killer out to get her.
Bellas de noche=2016-09-12=What happened to those vedettes who represented the mexican cabaret’s exotic beauty in the ‘70s and ‘80s? Four decades after the end of their roles, they tell their stories with dignity.
Where The Dead Go to Die=2012-02-01=A troubled group of children living on the same block are haunted by a talking dog named Labby who brings them on surreal hell-rides between different dimensions and time periods.
I Love You Again=1940-08-09=Boring businessman Larry Wilson recovers from amnesia and discovers he's really a con man...and loves his soon-to-be-ex wife.
The Lie=2011-11-18=A man's life is altered unexpectedly after telling a lie to get out of work.
Emelie=2016-03-04=After their regular babysitter Maggie can’t make it, the Thompson family turns to her friend Anna to supervise their children while the parents go out to celebrate their anniversary. At first Anna seems like a dream come true to the kids, allowing them to eat extra cookies and play with things that are usually off-limits, but as her behavior becomes increasingly odd, the kids soon find out that her intentions are dark and twisted, and she is not who she seems to be.
Breaking Wind=2012-03-27="A comedic spoof based on the worldwide phenomenon ""The Twilight Saga."""
Hard, Fast and Beautiful=1951-05-23=When most people look at Florence Farley, they see a pretty teenager. But when Milly Farley looks at her daughter she sees something else: a tennis prodigy who could be Milly’s ticket to money and fame. Released in 1951, Hard, Fast and Beautiful foresaw our modern era of big-time women’s sports – and of driven parents who would stop at nothing to “help” their daughters grab the golden ring. Sally Forrest plays Florence, who finds athletic success but not happiness. Claire Trevor seethes with barely concealed malice and greed as Milly. And behind the camera is movie star Ida Lupino, guiding one of a series of low-budget, big-concept films that established her as a rarity in mid-century Hollywood: a successful and stylish female director.
Alien Autopsy=2006-04-07=Humouristic reconstruction of the 1995 scandal when two British lads were accused of having faked a documentary from the Roswell incident in 1947.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz: 50 Years of Magic=1990-02-20=Documentary about the making of the 1939 MGM classic film The Wizard of Oz. Includes interviews of cast and crew members, their families and fans of the film.
Jade=1995-10-13=Someone does a nasty hatchet job on a San Fransisco big noise and the Assistant D.A. takes charge of the investigation. Through a web of blackmail and prostitution involving the Governor, an old lover of the law man emerges as a prime suspect and he has to deal with his personal feelings as well as the case.
Agente Logan - missione Ypotron=1966-08-28=Agent Lemmy Logan is investigating the case of a missing NASA scientist and discovers that an ex nazi is developing  a new super weapon.
With Honors=1994-04-29=Convinced he'll graduate with honors because of his thesis paper, a stuffy Harvard student finds his paper being held hostage by a homeless man, who might be the guy to school the young man in life.
Drive Me Crazy=1999-10-01=Nicole and Chase live next door to each other but are worlds apart. However, they plot a scheme to date each other in order to attract the interest and jealousy of their respective romantic prey. But in the mist of planning a gala centennial celebration, Nicole and Chase find that the one they always wanted was closer than they ever thought.
2 Young=2005-04-28=A young boy from a working-class family and a bored young girl from a rich family are falling in love. Soon, she's pregnant and the teenagers have to escape from their disapproving parents.
The Master Gunfighter=1975-10-03=Don Santiago (Richard Angarola) is a vicious man who helps provoke an Indian massacre that will allow him to steal the Indians' land and claim it as his own. However, his son-in-law, Finley (Tom Laughlin), is an expert hand with both guns and swords and will not allow him to push around the peace-loving Indians or fellow settlers of the West.
633 Squadron=1964-04-06=When Norwegian resistance leader Lieutenant Erik Bergman reports the location of a German V-2 rocket fuel plant, the Royal Air Force's 633 Squadron is assigned the mission to destroy it. The plant is in a seemingly-impregnable location beneath an overhanging cliff at the end of a long, narrow fjord lined with anti-aircraft guns. The only way to destroy the plant is by collapsing the cliff on top of it.
Captive Women=1952-10-10=In a post-apocalyptic New York City, three tribes of mutants (the Norms, the Mutates and the Upriver people) battle each other to survive.
Tobruk=2008-09-04=It is the story of Jiri and Jan, two Czech soldiers, battling alongside the allied forces against the Germans, during World War II in Tobruk, Libya. Jiri Pospichal, eighteen years old, signs up as a volunteer in the Czechoslovak army. His naive ideas about heroism are rawly confronted with the hell of the African desert, complicated relationships in his unit and the ubiquitous threat of death.
Three Men and a Little Lady=1990-11-21=Sylvia's work increasingly takes her away from the three men who help bring up Mary, her daughter. When she decides to move to England and take Mary with her, the three men are heartbroken at losing the two most important females in their lives.
Daisy Diamond=2007-11-23=A tragic story about Anna who dreams of one thing only: making it as an actress. She moves from Sweden to Copenhagen to pursue her dream. But fate has something else in store for her. Though she struggles to give her 4 month old daughter a good start in life, she ultimately fails to unite her dream of acting with a safe and loving environment for her child, culminating in a desperate act that has fatal consequences for Anna and her daughter.
Jungledyret Hugo 3: Fræk, flabet og fri=2007-12-21=Jungo is the rarest creature in the world, but also the most popular! Can his best buddies Rita the fox, Zik and Zak the monkeys, and an eager young puppy help him escape the clutches of a mad scientist intent on cloning him, a senseless psychologist who wants to analyze him, and a talk show hostess who wants Jungo to advertise her perfume?
Hymyjen maa=2015-04-17=Tuomas, a man in his thirties, has lost everything in Thailand – his family, his possessions and the trust of his friends. Hoping to qualify for an early age pension in his native Finland, Tuomas is in such a bad shape that even his legs can’t support his skeletal body anymore.  Will anything change when Tuomas’s friends decide to help the man with a drinking problem for one last time and set out to get him home from the streets of Thailand?
The Ridiculous 6=2015-12-11="When his long-lost outlaw father returns, Tommy ""White Knife"" Stockburn goes on an adventure-filled journey across the Old West with his five brothers."
Summer Job=1989-03-03=In this adolescent comedy a group of college girls get summer jobs at a posh Florida resort and have assorted adventures when they begin competing for the best jobs and for the affections of a hunky male staff member.
Black Friday=1940-04-12=When his friend Professor Kingsely (Ridges) is at deaths door, brain surgeon Dr. Sovac (Karloff) saves his life by means of an illegal operation that transplants part of injured gangster Red Cannon's brain. Unfortunately, the operation has a disasterous Jeckll and Hyde side effect and under certain conditions the persona of Cannon emerges. Sovac soon learns of the duel personality and of half a million dollars the gangster has hidden away. He attempts to find the money through the manipulation of his friend, an attempt that brings Kingsley closer to madness as he alternates between a meek professor of english and a brutal gangster out for murderous revenge on those who tried to kill him.
Love Finds You in Valentine=2016-02-14=Kennedy Blaine, a Californian girl, inherits a ranch in the small town of Valentine in Nebraska. Before she sells the property, she decides to spend the summer in her house and learn more about her family.
Listening to You: The Who Live at the Isle of Wight=1998-11-03=Mod rockers the Who are captured live by director Murray Lerner at the legendary Isle of Wight festival in 1970, attended by 600,000 people. All the old classics are included in a typically energetic set; Moon the Loon, Roger the Dodger and Pete... the guitarist. And John Entwistle on bass. This is the first DVD release, without the extra material found on the DVD/Blu-Ray re-release of 2006.
装鬼兵MDガイスト=1986-08-13=Geist (the main character) is MD-02, a Most Dangerous Soldier, genetically engineered to function as a killing machine, but every one of the MDS units went homicidally insane. As a result Geist was placed in suspended animation in a stasis pod orbiting the planet Jerra until it crashed several years later, awakening him and bringing him into another war on the planet.
My Tutor=1983-03-04=High school senior Bobby Chrystal fails his French class, which will block him from entering Yale. His rich, authoritarian father hires an attractive 29-year-old to tutor Bobby over the summer and help him pass a make-up exam. While Bobby's friends lead him away into strange excursions aimed at losing their virginity, Bobby finds all the extracurricular activities he needs with his new tutor.
John Adams=2008-03-16=The life of one of the USA's Founding Fathers, its second President, and his role in the nation's first 50 years.
Belles on their Toes=1952-05-01="The ""Cheaper by the Dozen"" crew is back, sans Clifton Webb. Lillian is struggling to make ends meet without her husband's income, while Anne, Martha, and even Ernestine find romance."
Retreat=2011-10-14=Kate and Martin escape from personal tragedy to an Island Retreat. Cut off from the outside world, their attempts to recover are shattered when a man is washed ashore, with news of airborne killer disease that is sweeping through Europe.
40 Pounds of Trouble=1962-01-01=Hilarity ensues when a casino manager spends a day at Disneyland with a cute but troublesome little girl.
연평해전=2015-06-24=The movies follows the incident knows as the second battle of Yeonpyeong which happened in 2002.
Il futuro è donna=1984-09-15=In this improbable, ponderous story about a couple who do not want to have children of their own, and a pregnant, single woman who needs a home for awhile, the relationship between the three is strange, at the very least.
Викинг=2016-12-29=The early Middle Ages. A time of heavy swords and dark blood law. The ruling clan is in discord. The guilt for the accidental death of the brother has fallen on the Grand Duke. According to the law, revenge must be taken by the younger brother, a bastard. For the refusal to kill, he has to pay with eve- rything he had, because “for peace you need more swords than for a war”...
하녀=2010-05-13=A man's affair with his family's housemaid leads to a dark consequences. Eun-yi is hired as an au pair for Hae-ra (pregnant with twins) and her rich husband Hoon. Eun-yi's primary task is watching the couple's young daughter, Nami. Eun-yi is eager to connect to Nami, who gradually warms to her. Hoon begins to secretly flirt with Eun-yi, enticing her with glasses of wine and his piano playing, and they eventually begin a sexual relationship. Despite the affair, Eun-yi is still warm and friendly to Hoon's oblivious wife, Hae-ra. She even expresses enthusiasm and delight at the progress of Hae-ra's pregnancy.
Chup Chup Ke=2006-06-09=A debt-ridden young man Jeetu (Shahid Kapoor) decides to commit suicide to allow his father to collect insurance money. Unfortunately, he is rescued by two fishermen, Gundya (Paresh Rawal) and Bandya (Rajpal Yadav). Gundya owes money to a Gujarati businessman, Prabhat Singh Chauhan (Om Puri) and he hatches a scheme to exchange Jeetu for the money he owes. Jeetu does not want to reveal his impoverished state, and therefore pretends to be mute and deaf. A hilarious sequence of events follows...
Lady in a Cage=1964-01-01=A woman trapped in a home elevator is terrorized by a group of vicious hoodlums.
Pacific Heights=1990-09-28=A couple works hard to renovate their dream house and become landlords to pay for it. Unfortunately one of their tenants has plans of his own.
The Hoodlum=1951-07-05=Vincent Lubeck is a vicious ex-convict. His criminal activities are despised by his family, but he uses and abuses them in the course of his crimes. Eventually his own brother must stand up to him.
Thunderbirds are GO=1966-12-15=Zero-X, a manned exploration mission crashes during lift-off on its maiden flight. Two years later an investigative committee finally concludes sabotage, and decides to call on the services of International Rescue to oversee security at the impending second launch. The second Zero-X successfully reaches its destination, but encounters unexpected hazards, ultimately leading to another call for assistance on its return to Earth. International Rescue respond, and once again Thunderbirds are GO!
Nice Guys Sleep Alone=1999-10-14="Carter (O'Bryan) wonders if he's ever going to find a woman who wants to be more than ""just friends."" His conniving best friend Pat and beautiful step-sister Erin (Vanessa Marcil) both know what's causing the problem: He's too nice! Having never taken them seriously in the past, Carter reconsiders when he meets Maggie (Sybil Temchen), a woman he feels just might be the one. Could it be time for this nice guy to finally start playing games? Set among the gorgeous backdrop of Kentucky horse country, ""Nice Guys Sleep Alone"" is a hilarious, touching and thoughtful romantic comedy."
Tarif Novogodniy=2008-12-04="Performing the traditional New Year's call on the unknown phone number Andrey didn't even suspected, that just after his return to Moscow, he had bought a magic starting pack of cellular communications operator. Getting through to the deserted in New Year's eve Alyona, Andrey almost falls in love with her, but there exists a temporal problem. Alyona is celebrating coming 2008 year and Andrey is going to meet 2009. Trying ""to set a contact"" with Alyona's «future variant» he comes to know the terrible truth about the events, that appended in the end of 2008. Now the main goal of Andrey and all his friends - to prevent the awful tragedy and to turn into reality the meeting of Alyona and Andrey..."
The One=2011-10-07=Providing the romantic comedy genre with a decidedly queer twist, THE ONE is an effortlessly charming tale which proves that love is never simple! Hunky Daniel couldn’t have it better: great parents, a successful career and his beautiful fiancée Jen. But in his seemingly perfect life, there is one temptation- he has a thing for his adorable, openly gay former college classmate Tommy. After a few drinks, Daniel succumbs to his repressed desires sending these two on a torrid affair. Funny how love and lust have a way of messing up even the best laid plans of man!
Thief=1981-03-27=Frank is an expert professional safecracker, specialized in high-profile diamond heists. He plans to use his ill-gotten income to retire from crime and build a nice life for himself complete with a home, wife and kids. To accelerate the process, he signs on with a top gangster for a big score.
The Dead=2010-08-30=When the last evacuation flight out of war-torn Africa crashes off the coast, American Air Force Engineer Lieutenant Brian Murphy (ROB FREEMAN) emerges as the sole survivor in a land where the dead are returning to life and attacking the living.
座頭市二段斬り=1965-04-03=Itinerant masseur and master swordsman, the blind Zatoichi, is near the village of his teacher, Hikonoichi, so he decides to visit. He learns of Hikonoichi's recent robbery and murder and the imprisonment of his virginal daughter, Osayo, in a brothel. Through friendship with Denroku, a local dice thrower and devoted father, Ichi uncovers an unholy alliance between the governor and the area strongman: among their scams is falsifying tax records to put farmers in debt, then forcing their daughters into prostitution at the boss's brothel. With help from Denroku's daughter, Otsuru, Ichi comforts Osayo until he can provoke showdowns with the villains and their henchmen.
On the Waterfront=1954-06-22=Terry Malloy dreams about being a prize fighter, while tending his pigeons and running errands at the docks for Johnny Friendly, the corrupt boss of the dockers union. Terry witnesses a murder by two of Johnny's thugs, and later meets the dead man's sister and feels responsible for his death. She introduces him to Father Barry, who tries to force him to provide information for the courts that will smash the dock racketeers.
The Lost Patrol=1934-02-16=A World War I British Army patrol is crossing the Mesopotamian desert when their commanding officer, the only one who knows their destination is killed by the bullet of unseen bandits. The patrol's sergeant keeps them heading north on the assumption that they will hit their brigade. They stop for the night at an oasis and awake the next morning to find their horses stolen, their sentry dead, the oasis surrounded and survival difficult.
Perry Mason: The Case of the Telltale Talk Show Host=1993-05-21=Dr Sheila Carlin is good friends with Della who calls Perry in when she is being pestered by someone. On the theory that it could be somebody that she works with at a radio stations she arranges Perry to be interviewed by Winslow Keene who is also the station's owner. Winslow enrages the rest of the talk show hosts on the station by informing them of changes that he is making to their time slots. That night, Winslow is shot by a hit man hired by someone at the station and Sheila is set up for the murder. She calls in Perry and as usual Perry, Della and Ken swing into action to find out who really did it.
Sehar=2005-07-29=Ajay Kumar (Warsi) is the newly appointed, honest SSP of Lucknow police. Of his family only his mother (Mulay) remains, and she inspires and motivates him to do the right thing. Ajay tries to crack down on the UP mafia, but more often than not is betrayed by information-leaking local police officials. His boss tries to aid him by shielding him from political pressures, and by getting sanction for
Werewolf of London=1935-05-13=A strange animal attack turns a botanist into a bloodthirsty monster.
Ung flukt=1959-10-08=The story of a young Gerd, played by Liv Ullman in her first leading role, who falls in love with a young boy. She is considered a 'loose' woman, and the boy's family does not accept their relationship. The young couple run away to a cabin in the woods where they meet a rogue man who tests their relationship.
Wołyń=2016-10-07=Summer of 1939. Zosia is a young Polish girl who is deeply in love with Ukrainian Petro. Their great love will be put to the test when her father decides to marry her to a wealthy widower Skiba. Right after wedding she is left alone because her husband is drafted to the Polish army for the war with Germany. Meanwhile, tensions grow due to Jews, Poles, and Ukrainians living side by side.
Jeff Ross Roasts Criminals: Live at Brazos County Jail=2015-06-13=Jeff gives the most dangerous – and enlightening – roast of his life from behind the walls of the Brazos County Jail in Bryan, Texas. In this special he touches on topics surrounding incarceration such as race, solitary confinement and the death penalty.
Hoop Reality=2007-07-01="Hoop Reality is the sequel to the 1995 documentary ""Hoop Dreams"" and explores what happened during the last decade from where ""Hoop Dreams"" left off. It follows the original basketball hero past his dream and into reality, examining where life has carried him over the decade, and taking a look at where he is today, as the torch gets passed to the next dream seeker. Along the way he mentors and inspires the up-and-coming basketball star, Patrick Beverly, who leads his team, the Marshal Commandos, for the first time since the original ""Hoop Dreams"", to the State Finals."
!Women Art Revolution=2010-01-01=Through intimate interviews, provocative art, and rare, historical film and video footage, this feature documentary reveals how art addressing political consequences of discrimination and violence, the Feminist Art Revolution radically transformed the art and culture of our times.
The Good Girl=2002-01-12=A discount store clerk strikes up an affair with a stock boy who considers himself the incarnation of Holden Caulfield.
Easy Money=1983-08-19=To inherit his mother-in-law's colossal fortune, a hard living, gambling addict must change his unhealthy ways before it gets the best of him.
Camille redouble=2012-09-12=Camille was only sixteen and still in high school when she fell in love with Eric, another student. They later married and a child and were happy for a while. But now twenty-five years have passed and Eric leaves her for a younger woman. Bitter and desperate Camille drinks so much liquor at a New Year Eve's party that she falls into an ethylic coma and she finds herself... propelled into her own past! Camille is sixteen again when she wakes up this morning, her parents are not dead anymore and she must go to school, where she will meet her schoolmates and, of course, Eric. Is she going to fall for him again and... be miserable twenty-five years later? Or will she avoid him with the result never having her beloved daughter? Who ever said that time traveling was fun?
The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit=1998-01-23=Gomez is a middle-aged man who dreams of buying a gorgeous white suit in a nearby store, but doesn't have enough cash. He finds 4 more people of same size, who each give $20 and get to wear the suit for an hour each in return. But the suit is not just a suit - it makes wishes of the one wearing it come true.
Winston Churchill: Walking with Destiny=2010-08-20=Walking With Destiny highlights Churchill's years in the political wilderness, his early opposition to Adolf Hitler and Nazism, and his support for Jews under threat by the Nazi regime. As historian John Lukacs explains, Churchill may not have won the War in 1940, but without him, the War most certainly would have been lost. Sir Martin Gilbert, historical consultant for the film and Churchill's official biographer, adds that had Churchill's warnings about Nazi Germany's racial policies towards Jews been heeded in the early 1930's, the Holocaust may never have occurred. The film examines why Winston Churchill's legacy continues to be relevant in the 21st Century and explores why his leadership remains inspirational to current day political leaders and diplomats.
Squatters=2014-05-14=A wealthy couple from the Pacific Palisades discovers homeless young lovers have moved into their home.
Flesh Wounds=2011-06-09=On a remote U.S. Army facility a group of scientists vanish while conducting experiments with a top secret weapon. An elite covert ops team commanded by Lt. Tyler (Kevin Sorbo) is sent on a rescue mission that quickly turns deadly. With time running out and the death count rising, Tyler's team must hunt and destroy a predator unlike any they have ever encountered or become its next victim.
Dak kui oi no=1992-01-01=Tong catches Chiu attempting to rape his wife May (Amy Yip). They scuffle and Tong shoots Chiu dead with Chiu's gun. They flee but Tong is killed in a shootout with police. May begs an officer to take her child, since if he is repatriated he'll have a horrible life. So, the infant son ends up in Hong Kong separated from his mother. Six years pass and May is a hotel maid then gets forced into prostitution. She longs to see her son, who is now a young boy, maybe to fully reunite with him. The problem with this film is it becomes so sleazy. There is nudity (not Ms. Yip), violence and forcible rape.
Friday the 13th=2009-02-11=Ignoring the warnings of the locals, a group of teenage camp counselors takes on the job of reopening Camp Crystal Lake — on Friday the 13th no less, and raise the ire of Jason Voorhees, a masked, homicidal maniac.
아기와 나=2008-08-13="Joon-soo (Jang Geun -Seok) is a rebellious high school kid who often get in fights. One day, his parents give him an ultimatum and leaving him alone in the house, Joon-soo decides to have a party at his parent's home. He then goes shopping for groceries and comes upon an unexpected surprise. A little toddler sits in a shopping basket wearing the name tag ""Han Woo-ram"" (Mason Moon) and points to Joon-soo as his father."
黃飛鴻之二男兒當自強=1992-09-16=In the sequel to the Tsui Hark classic, Wong Fei-Hung faces The White Lotus society, a fanatical cult seeking to drive the Europeans out of China through violence, even attacking Chinese who follow Western ways. Wong must also defend Dr. Sun Yat Sen, a revolutionary, from the military.
Моя любовь=2006-08-27=In nineteenth-century Russia, a teenage boy in search of love is drawn to two very different women.
Le voyage au Groenland=2016-11-30=Thomas and Thomas are going through a rough patch: they are both thirty-something actors living in Paris. They randomly decide to leave the city and fly away to Kullorsuaq, one of the most remote villages of Greenland, where Thomas' father Nathan lives. Among the Inuit community, they will discover the charms of the local customs and their friendship will be challenged.
Stealing Harvard=2002-09-13=John and his girlfriend have vowed to marry once they save $30,000 for their dream house. But the minute they achieve their financial goal, John finds out his niece has been accepted at Harvard, and he's reminded of his promise to pay for her tuition (nearly $30,000). John's friend Duff convinces him to turn to petty crime to make the payment … but Duff's hare-brained schemes spin quickly out of control.
Raid=2003-01-31=Raid is a mysterious drifter and ex-criminal who comes and goes as he pleases. He has been away from the country for an extended period of time but learns on his return that his ex-girlfriend Tarja has presumably died in a fire that he soon discovers was a larceny. He is also contacted by inspector Jansson, who he knows from the past regarding the murder of a protestor.  Raid begins his investigation and soon finds that there's more to the cases than meets the eye..  This movie is a sequel to the very popular Raid TV series.
In His Father's Shoes=1997-06-05=A fortyish cancer-stricken, emaciated Frank Crosby and his fifteen-year-old son Clay, who is the healthful, youthful image of his father, are spending an afternoon enjoying the atmosphere of Venice Beach. They enter Oddities, a store where the gypsy woman owner gives them a pair of special wingtip shoes. Later that night in the hospital where Frank lay dying, he shares with Clay his memory of a postcard image: a golf course where people are playing and are leisurely sipping tea. Frank dies and leaves behind a distraught family: Clay, his little sister Maggie, and their mother Janice. Clay wistfully goes to his father's closet and finds the wingtips from earlier in the day. Putting them on, he is transported back in time and becomes his father as a child. He discovers he can travel back and forth in time just by putting on or taking off the shoes. Clay learns a great deal about his father's early years and is eager to learn more.
Prelude to a Kiss=1992-07-10=A couple fall in love despite the girl's pessimistic outlook. As they struggle to come to terms with their relationship, something supernatural happens that tests it.
Return from Witch Mountain=1978-03-10="In this sequal to ""Escape From Witch Mountain,"" Tia and Tony leave their safe refuge on witch mountain for a trip to Los Angeles. Tony is kidnapped by the evil Dr. Gannon and his spinster partner Letha and brainwashed into helping Gannon and Letha commit various crimes. It's up to Tia and a gang of truant kids to rescue Tony and prevent a major disaster."
Star Runners=2009-06-13=Two space smuggles are caught by the government and told if they deliver a create to a certain location the charges will be forgotten. Turns out the create is the key to a cover up and other parties want it to.
House of Sand and Fog=2003-12-19=Behrani, an Iranian immigrant buys a California bungalow, thinking he can fix it up, sell it again, and make enough money to send his son to college. However, the house is the legal property of former drug addict Kathy. After losing the house in an unfair legal dispute with the county, she is left with nowhere to go. Wanting her house back, she hires a lawyer and befriends a police officer. Neither Kathy nor Behrani have broken the law, so they find themselves involved in a difficult moral dilemma.
Cattle Queen of Montana=1954-11-18=Sierra Nevada Jones must fight a villainous rancher to regain the land that is rightfully hers.
White Wedding=2009-01-01=The loyal, committed and very decent Elvis (Kenneth Nkosi) leaves Johannesburg en route to pick up his best friend and best man Tumi (Rapulana Seiphemo) in Durban. The two will then journey on to Cape Town to begin rehearsals for Elvis’s wedding to the beautiful Ayanda (Zandile Msutwana).But things don’t go according to plan. As Tumi and Elvis struggle to find their way through the Eastern Cape they are picked up by Rose (Jodie Whittaker), a young English doctor. Now there’s an unlikely trio on the road, with romantic sparks igniting.Who knows if they’ll make it on time, whether the wedding will be delayed or cancelled or come perilously close to not even happening.
Dames=1934-09-01=A reformer's daughter wins the lead in a scandalous Broadway show.
American Revolutionary: The Evolution of Grace Lee Boggs=2013-06-16=Grace Lee Boggs is an activist and philosopher in Detroit who has dedicated her life to the next American Revolution and the possibility of a better, more just future for all of humanity. At age 97, she has been building movements and developing strategies for social change for most of her life -- reminding us that revolution is not only possible and necessary, but a process that must always be in motion.
Klaani: Tarina Sammakoitten suvusta=1984-11-30=Young Alex Sammako has seen his brothers defy the law in a series of deeds that first land them in jail, and then, after they escape and return to their rural home, land them back in the lap of their locally notorious family. Alex wants nothing to do with them. He is in love with Mirja, whose family is not that different from the Sammakos, but who shares Alex's viewpoints and feelings. Not helping matters is a police department convinced that all Sammakos are bad, and the family itself, pressuring Alex to follow in their murky footsteps.
Metro=1997-01-16=Roper, a hostage negotiator catches a murderous bank robber after a blown heist. The bank robber escapes and immediately goes after the man who put him behind bars.
Oil: A Symphony in Motion=1933-05-01=A self-proclaimed saga of oil, celebrating the speed and power of plane, trains, and automobiles.
The Blob=1988-08-05=Remake of the 1958 horror sci-fi about a deadly blob which is the spawn of a secret government germ warfare project which consumes everyone in its path. Teenagers try in vain to warn the townsfolk, who refuse to take them seriously, while government agents try to cover up the evidence and confine the creature.
The Man with a Cloak=1951-11-27=Set in 19th-century New York, this mystery begins when a Frenchwoman shows up at the home of one of Napoleon's former marshals. The alcoholic man is badly crippled and slowly dying, but this doesn't stop the forthright lady from pushing him to change his will to include his estranged grandson so that he can help out the struggling French Republic. Unfortunately, the dying man's conniving housekeeper and butler, already planning murder to get the money themselves, overhear her and begin plotting her demise.
One Hour Photo=2002-08-21="Sy ""the photo guy"" Parrish has lovingly developed photos for the Yorkin family since their son was a baby. But as the Yorkins' lives become fuller, Sy's only seems lonelier, until he eventually believes he's part of their family. When ""Uncle"" Sy's picture-perfect fantasy collides with an ugly dose of reality, what happens next ""has the spine-tingling elements of the best psychological thrillers!"""
Common Law Cabin=1967-07-01=After stealing a fortune in unclaimed jewelry, ex-detective Barney Rickert arrives at a run-down dude ranch in Arizona to hide out. When the owner, Dewey Hoople, refuses to sell the land to Rickert, he proceeds to win over the female inhabitants by seducing them one by one which leads to one refusing his advances and a dangerous game played out in which Rickert ruthlessly sets out to get what he wants.
The Well=2014-06-12=In the near future, society collapses and water becomes scarce. When a greedy water baron starts violently clearing out survivors, Kendal, a 17-year-old teenager, fights the baron's henchman to keep a well open.
Kirschblüten - Hanami=2008-03-05=After finding out that her husband, Rudi, has a fatal illness, Trudi Angermeier arranges a trip to Berlin so they can see their children. Of course, the kids don't know the real reason they're visiting -- and the catch is, neither does Rudi...
英雄=2002-12-19=One man defeated three assassins who sought to murder the most powerful warlord in pre-unified China.
Idol of the Crowds=1937-09-30=Retired hockey player Johnny Hansen, in order to make money to enlarge his chicken farm, returns to the game and leads his team into the championship series. Just before the series starts, he is offered a bribe to throw the games but refuses. An attempt is made on his life which results in Bobby, the team's mascot, being injured. Written by Les Adams
Evil Things=2009-06-17=It's Miriam's 21st Birthday. As a birthday gift, Miriam's aunt Gail has decided to lend Miriam her beautiful country house for an entire weekend. Aunt Gail's country house is amazing. It's a four bedroom house surrounded by breathtaking mountains and miles and miles of woods. Miriam invites her young college friends Cassy, Mark, Tanya and Leo to join her at the country house for what looks to be the most amazing weekend ever. Of course they all jump at the chance to spend a free weekend in the country, in the middle of nowhere. Miriam's friends are totally in the mood for a big time party weekend. They're also anxious to escape the dark and gloomy concrete jungle known as Manhattan. Miriam, Cassy and Tanya bring the food. Mark brings the beer and Leo, the aspiring filmmaker, brings his new video camera. Leo hopes to produce a short movie by documenting every amazing moment of this weekend getaway...
Clerks: The Lost Scene=2004-09-07=Dante and Randall attend Julie Dwyer's wake in this animated representation of a scene never before shot for the movie Clerks. (1994)
Spooner=2009-01-18=Facing eviction from his parent's home on his 30th birthday, a socially awkward guy meets the girl of his dreams and creates his own rules for growing up.
Erasing David=2009-01-01=David Bond lives in one of the most intrusive surveillance states in the world. He decides to find out how much private companies and the government know about him by putting himself under surveillance and attempting to disappear, a decision that changes his life forever. Leaving his pregnant wife and young child behind, he is tracked across the database state on a chilling journey that forces him to contemplate the meaning of privacy and the loss of it.
Up!=1976-10-01="Up! is a 1976 soft core sex comedy film directed by American filmmaker Russ Meyer. The plot centers around a bizarre murder mystery involving the death of former Nazi Adolf Schwartz, a caricature of Adolf Hitler, who was living in hiding in a Bavarian style castle in Northern California.Kitten Natividad plays the ""Greek Chorus"", who appears nude between scenes throughout the film to provide narration, plot details, and updates."
Wolves In The Snow=2002-04-10=Wolves in the Snow begins with the news that Antoine has been cuckolding Lucie for years. A violent marital argument ensues resulting in Antoine's death. After lying about Antoine's whereabouts, Lucie discovers his secret life of gangsters, money laundering and violence. Followed, threatened and badgered by the gangsters, Lucie becomes trapped by her deceit. The body of Antoine disappears, other corpses appear, and the money, very quickly, becomes only the pretext of an alarming turn of events, in which Lucie learns how to lie, to live, and perhaps also to like. Wolves in the Snow is an intense drama set against the backdrop of Montreal.
After Last Season=2009-06-05=A team of scientists is developing a new technology that captures the thoughts of a human subject and changes them into images. Still in its infancy, the technology changes thoughts into simple images and shapes. Two company interns (Matthew Andrews and Sarah Austin) have the chance to test the technology while they pursue a degree in neurosurgery. They study at a university along with other students (Anne Plaven). A brain surgeon named Dr. Marlen introduces the students to real life situations as several unexplained deaths take place around the city. When Andrews and Austin test the new technology at their company, Austin sees flashes of events in her mind. The events relate to the killings in the city. The flashes lead to new and dangerous discoveries. The students may not survive the experiment.
TalhotBlond=2012-06-23=Thomas Montgomery, a married father of two young daughters, gets seduced by the world of online gambling and chat rooms where a virtual romance and sexual obsession ultimately leads to the murder of an innocent man.
The Alley Cats=1966-09-12=Amid Europe's superwealthy jet set, lovely Leslie (Anne Arthur) feels neglected by her cheating fiancé, Logan (Charlie Hickman). She gets even by pursuing a few dalliances of her own and, in the process, falls for a gorgeous lesbian socialite (Sabrina Koch). Slip on your oversized sunglasses and slide back to the swinging '60s for director Radley Metzger's fab erotic confection, a shocker at the time of its initial release.
Terminus=2015-01-30=Following a near-fatal accident, David Chamberlain makes an unprecedented discovery that will not only determine the fate of his family, but of mankind.
Ralphie May: Imperfectly Yours=2013-02-23=Standup in Las Vegas.
Blood Simple=1984-09-07=The owner of a seedy small-town Texas bar discovers that one of his employees is having an affair with his wife. A chaotic chain of misunderstandings, lies and mischief ensues after he devises a plot to have them murdered.
Seal Team Six: The Raid on Osama Bin Laden=2012-11-04=When the rumored whereabouts of Osama bin Laden are revealed, the CIA readies a team of seasoned U.S. Navy SEALs for the mission of a lifetime. Despite inconclusive evidence that bin Laden is inside the compound, and ignoring the possible ramifications of an unannounced attack on Pakistani soil, the Pentagon orders the attack. The SEAL Team bands together to complete their mission of justice in a riveting final showdown.
Star Spangled Rhythm=1942-03-05=Pop, a security guard at Paramount has told his son that he's the head of the studio. When his son arrives in Hollywood on shore leave with his buddies, Pop enlists the aid of the studio's dizzy switchboard operator in pulling off the charade. Things get more complicated when Pop agrees to put together a show for the Navy starring Paramount's top contract players.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze=1991-03-22=The Turtles and the Shredder battle once again, this time for the last cannister of the ooze that created the Turtles, which Shredder wants to create an army of new mutants.
Howard the Duck=1986-08-01=A scientific experiment unknowingly brings extraterrestrial life forms to the Earth through a laser beam. First is the cigar smoking drake Howard from the duck's planet. A few kids try to keep him from the greedy scientists and help him back to his planet. But then a much less friendly being arrives through the beam...
Stars & Bars=1988-03-18=Henderson Dores (Daniel Day Lewis), a New York based art dealer from England, travels to Georgia to persuade patriarch, Harry Dean Stanton, to sell a Monet previously thought lost.
What We Did on Our Holiday=2014-09-26=Doug and Abi  and their three children travel to the Scottish Highlands for Doug's father Gordie's birthday party. It's soon clear that when it comes to keeping a secret under wraps from the rest of the family, their children are their biggest liability...
Ido zero daisakusen=1969-07-26=A massive underwater volcano erupts and puts a group of investigative scientists in danger. They are rescued by an atomic super submarine named The Alpha under the command of Captain McKenzie. The group is quickly taken to a vast underwater city known as Latitude Zero, a fantastic, Atlantean type utopia, a world beneath the ocean with its own sun. It is soon discovered that Captain McKenzie is at war with the evil Dr. Malic, a cruel scientist who wishes to rule mankind all the while conducting genetic experiments on humans and animals. Malic sends his agents to kidnap Dr. Okada, a human scientist who has created a serum that can immunize exposure to radiation.
Deadline at Dawn=1946-04-03=A young Navy sailor has one night to find out why a woman was killed and he ended up with a bag of money after a drinking blackout.
The Dead Outside=2008-01-01=A neurological pandemic has consumed the population. Drug-resistance has mutated the virus into a ravaging psychological plague, rendering the 'the dying' desperate, paranoid and violent
Mickey Blue Eyes=1999-08-16="An English auctioneer proposes to the daughter of a mafia kingpin, only to realize that certain ""favors"" would be asked of him."
You Can't Run Away from It=1956-10-30=A reporter stumbles on a runaway heiress whose story could salvage his career.
An Unfinished Life=2005-09-09=Stoic and heartbroken, Einar Gilkyson quietly lives in the rugged Wyoming ranchlands alongside his only trusted friend, Mitch Bradley. Then, suddenly, the woman he blames for the death of his only son arrives at his door broke, desperate, and with a granddaughter he's never known. But even as buried anger and accusations resurface, the way is opened for unexpected connection, adventure, and forgiveness.
Without Memory=1996-12-28=A father loses his short-term memory as the result of a botched medical procedure which causes him to develop Wernicke's Encephalopathy. Koreeda chronicles his family’s fight to receive proper treatment and benefits from this devastating malpractice. Without Memory is an unabashed protest against the government and its disregard for health care. However, the film is also rich with thematic concerns, namely memory and loss, which infuse his later fiction films.
Baazi=1995-04-05=Inspector Amar Damjee discovers a terrifying crime in the street when he saves the lives of bus passengers. Now his job is as a police inspector to identify the terrorists. Suddenly, when a police commisioner's daughter is killed in a homicide, Amar is framed for it and goes to jail. When he escapes along with the other prisoners accidently, he goes out to prove his innocence and find the man behind this, which Amar also discovers that he was his parent's killer too.
Kicks=2016-09-09=When his hard-earned kicks get snatched by a local hood, fifteen-year old Brandon and his two best friends go on an ill-advised mission across the Bay Area to retrieve the stolen sneakers.
Witch Hunt=1999-05-02=Set in Victoria, Australia, the made-for-TV Witch Hunt concerns an infant girl named Hannah, who is abducted by her grandmother Barbara Thomas (Jacqueline Bisset). Hannah's father David Overton (Cameron Daddo), convinced that Barbara is the head of a coven of witches, inaugurates a desperate nationwide search for his missing daughter. However, David may have a sinister agenda of his own, as indicated by the fact that his wife recently died under mysterious circumstances. Originally telecast by Australia's Network Ten on May 2, 1999, Witch Hunt later aired in the U.S. courtesy of cable's Lifetime network
The Boys Next Door=1985-10-01=Roy and Bo leave their small town the weekend after graduation for a short road trip to LA. Soon, they find themselves lashing out and leaving a trial of bodies behind them. The violence escalates throughout.
Hardbodies 2=1986-09-12=A film crew is travelling from America to Greece to produce a movie. Before their work is done they will have to face many unusual situations, along with numerous opportunities for the actresses to take their clothes off.
Shout=1991-10-04=A new music teacher in a 1955 West Texas home for wayward boys brings new vision and hope for many of the interned boys.
A Killer Among Friends=1992-12-08=The film tells why a girl was killed by two of her best friends.
Jadu Tona=1977-01-01=A family is plagued by the vengeful spirit of a murdered man who uses the body of an innocent child to enact his revenge.
Me, Myself & Irene=2000-06-22=Rhode Island State Trooper Charlie Baileygates has a multiple personality disorder. One personality is crazy and aggressive, while the other is more friendly and laid back. Both of these personalities fall in love with the same woman named Irene after Charlie loses his medication.
Exodus: Tales from the Enchanted Kingdom=2005-12-25=Ordinary humans led by King Bantayan are being annihilated by the all-powerful evil king Bagulbol and his creatures of the dark. To end their tribulation, mankind’s leaders paid a mercenary with exceptional fighting skills to defend them. That mercenary is Exodus. Nearing their extinction, King Bantayan and the leaders of men dispatched Exodus on a quest to capture five elementals to aid them in the final battle against King Bagulbol.
Enigma=2001-01-22=A romantic thriller based around the World War 2 project to crack the codes behind the Enigma machine, used by the Germans to encrypt messages sent to their submarines.
Babel=2006-09-08=Tragedy strikes a married couple on vacation in the Moroccan desert, touching off an interlocking story involving four different families.
The Happy Hooker=1975-01-01=Having emigrated to New York and immediately got the kiss-off from her mother-besotted fiance, a Dutch lass takes a well-paid office job and starts liberally sampling the local male talent. After a while she decides to make her pleasure her business too, and as her reputation grows she graduates to a high-class bordello. Soon she realises she has the right talents to make a real success of a place of her own.
Black Rock=2012-01-21=Three childhood friends set aside their personal issues and reunite for a girls’ weekend on a remote island off the coast of Maine. One wrong move turns their weekend getaway into a deadly fight for survival.
Random Harvest=1942-12-17=An amnesiac World War I vet falls in love with a music hall star, only to suffer an accident which restores his original memories but erases his post-War life.
Mensonges Et Trahisons Et Plus Si Affinités...=2004-09-08=Raphael is a ghostwriter who takes a job writing for famous footy player Kevin. To his delight and his girlfriend, Murials horror, Kevins current girlfriend is an old (easily rekindled) flame of Raphaels. A freak accident leaves a close friend dead and Raphael is forced to reconsider his priorities.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey=2012-11-26=Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon.
Les Raisins de la mort=1978-07-05=A young woman discovers that the pesticide being sprayed on vineyards is turning people into killer zombies.
Bill W.=2012-05-18="William G. Wilson is co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous, a man included in TIME Magazine's ""100 Persons of the 20th Century."" Interviews, recreations, and rare archival material reveal how Bill Wilson, a hopeless drunk near death from his alcoholism, found a way out of his own addiction and then forged a path for countless others to follow. With Bill as its driving force, A.A. grew from a handful of men to a worldwide fellowship of over 2 million men and women - a success that made him an icon within A.A., but also an alcoholic unable to be a member of the very society he had created. A reluctant hero, Bill Wilson lived a life of sacrifice and service, and left a legacy that continues every day, all around the world."
Hitler's Children=2011-11-21=Their family name alone evokes horror: Himmler, Frank, Goering, Hoess. This film looks at the descendants of the most powerful figures in the Nazi regime: men and women who were left a legacy that indelibly associates them with one of the greatest abominations in history. What is it like to have grown up with a name that immediately raises images of genocide? How do they live with the weight of their ancestors' crimes? Is it possible to move on from the crimes of their ancestors?
Hadersfild=2007-05-07=Huddersfield is a Serbian film. Story is set in a small town in Serbia. Rasha is thirty, lives with his alcoholic father and trying, and failing, to make ends meet by giving literature lessons to teenage girls and hosting a program on the local radio, presenting new books and interviewing authors. Ivan, a promising judoist in his teenage years, has since had a history of neurosis, psychotic episodes, hospitalization, being heavily medicated, involvement in various occult groups and practices, prior to having been baptized in the Orthodox Church.
Opus IV=1925-04-09=An abstract animation by Walter Ruttmann.
Blade II=2002-03-22=A rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community - The Reaper. A vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans, transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into Reapers themselves. Blade is asked by the Vampire Nation for his help in preventing a nightmare plague that would wipe out both humans and vampires.
Μια αιωνιότητα και μια μέρα=1998-01-01=Alexander, a famous writer, is very ill and has only a few days to live. He meets a little boy on the street, who is an illegal immigrant from Albania. Alexander then takes the boy home.
The Perfect Weapon=1991-03-15=Jeff, a young delinquent, is enrolled by his father in a kenpo school, in the hopes of teaching the boy some self-discipline. Years later, Jeff's mentor, Kim, is being threatened by one of the Korean mafia families. Jeff tries to help his old friend, but is too late to prevent Kim's death at the hands of an unknown hitman. Vowing revenge, Jeff takes on all of the families, using his martial arts skills to find the man who killed his friend.
リリイ・シュシュのすべて=2001-09-07=All About Lily Chou-Chou follows two childhood friends, Shusuke Hoshino and Yuichi Hasumi, from the end of their junior high school run until the beginning of high school. The film has a discontinuous storyline, starting midway through the story, just after high school begins, then flashes back to junior high and summer vacation, and then skips back to the present.In junior high, Hoshino was the best student in school, but was picked on by his classmates. He was skilled at kendo, and had an attractive young mother. Yuichi, on the other hand, was a quieter boy who fell in love with the music of the odd musician Lily Chou-Chou. During a group trip to Okinawa, Hoshino had a traumatic near-death experience and his personality changed from good-natured to dangerous and manipulative. In high school, he takes his place as class bully and shows his newfound power by ruining the lives of his classmates.
Route Irish=2011-03-16=A private security contractor in Iraq rejects the official explanation of his friend's death and decides to investigate.
My Boss's Daughter=2003-08-21=When a young man agrees to housesit for his boss, he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on – his boss's daughter. But he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission. And he also has to deal with the daughter's older brother, who's on the run from local drug dealers.
Monsters: Dark Continent=2014-10-09=Seven years on from the events of Monsters, and the ‘Infected Zones’ have spread worldwide. Humans have been knocked off the top of the food chain, with disparate communities struggling for survival. American soldiers are being sent abroad to protect US interests from the Monsters, but the war is far from being won.
The Ghost Train=1901-01-21=Special effects film with a train double exposed on the negative, creating a ghostly image.
Solomon Kane=2009-09-16=A nomadic 16th century warrior, condemned to hell for his brutal past, seeks redemption by renouncing violence, but finds some things are worth burning for as he fights to free a young Puritan woman from the grip of evil.
Hot Moves=1984-10-04=Four friends, annoyed at how almost everyone else they know is having sex but them, agree to do what they can to help each other lose their virginity before the end of the summer. Most of their opportunities are foiled by their inexperience and bad planning. Michael, the most sensible boy of the foursome, really just wants to stay with his long-time girlfriend and take their relationship to an intimate level, but after putting him off for six months he grows impatient and splits up with her to seek his fortune elsewhere.
Robin and the 7 Hoods=1964-06-24=In prohibition-era Chicago, the corrupt sheriff and Guy Gisborne, a south-side racketeer, knock off the boss Big Jim. Everyone falls in line behind Guy except Robbo, who controls the north side. Although he's out-gunned, Robbo wants to keep his own territory. A pool-playing dude from Indiana and the director of a boys' orphanage join forces with Robbo; and, when he gives some money to the orphanage, he becomes the toast of the town as a hood like Robin Hood. Meanwhile, Guy schemes to get rid of Robbo, and Big Jim's heretofore unknown daughter Marian appears and goes from man to man trying to find an ally in her quest to run the whole show. Can Robbo hold things together?
Deranged=2012-06-06=Deranged’ follows four girls who go on a bachelorette party weekend to a country house, in rural Spain. Little do they know what someone had planned for them. The real party begins when the host is mysteriously attacked and one by one, the guests find themselves in mortal danger. The race is on to uncover the killer’s identity and they must fight back or be brutally murdered.
About Cherry=2012-02-14=A drama centered on a troubled young woman who moves to San Francisco, where she gets involved in pornography and aligns herself with a cocaine-addicted lawyer.
Katt Williams: Kattpacalypse=2012-08-25=Katt Williams ushers in Kattpacalypse, exploding with more energy than an atomic bomb and riffing on everything from Doomsday to Obama. Katt Williams has been the best selling urban comic in the last 10 years and proved to have explosive sales across all platforms from DVD to tours.
Jésus de Montréal=1989-05-17=A group of actors putting on an interpretive Passion Play in Montreal begin to experience a meshing of their characters and their private lives as the production takes form against the growing opposition of the Catholic church.
Фильм, фильм, фильм=1968-01-01=The trials and tribulations of putting a feature film together
Bébés=2010-05-07=Babies, also known as Baby(ies) and Bébé(s), is a 2009 French documentary film by Thomas Balmès that follows four infants from birth to when they are one year old. The babies featured in the film are two from rural areas: Ponijao from Opuwo, Namibia, and Bayar from Bayanchandmani, Mongolia, as well as two from urban areas: Mari from Tokyo, Japan, and Hattie from San Francisco, USA.
Dillinger=1973-07-20=The life of American public enemy number one who was shot by the police in 1934. After a shoot-out kills five FBI agents in Kansas City the Bureau target John Dillinger as one of the men to hunt down. Waiting for him to break Federal law they sort out several other mobsters, while Dillinger's bank robbing exploits make him something of a folk hero. Escaping from jail he finds Pretty Boy Floyd and Baby Face Nelson have joined the gang and pretty soon he is Public Enemy Number One. Now the G-men really are after him.
Finding Nemo=2003-05-30=Nemo, an adventurous young clownfish, is unexpectedly taken from his Great Barrier Reef home to a dentist's office aquarium. It's up to his worrisome father Marlin and a friendly but forgetful fish Dory to bring Nemo home -- meeting vegetarian sharks, surfer dude turtles, hypnotic jellyfish, hungry seagulls, and more along the way.
The Good Old Boys=1995-03-05=An aging cowboy must choose between his desire to remain free and the responsibilities of maintaining a family.
Dragonfly=1976-03-01=A man, recently released from a mental hospital, tries to track down his family.
30 Minutes or Less=2011-08-11=Two fledgling criminals kidnap a pizza delivery guy, strap a bomb to his chest, and advise him that he has mere hours to rob a bank or else...
Gojira: Fainaru uôzu=2004-12-04="Evil Space Aliens called the Xilians unleashes all the Earth's monsters to lay waste to most of the world's major cities, including Tokyo, New York, Sydney, Shanghai and Paris. It is up to Godzilla and the Earth Defense Force to vanquish the monsters and aliens to rescue the world in the ultimate ""Save the Earth"" battle."
Why Change Your Wife?=1920-05-21=Robert and Beth Bordon are married but share little. He runs into Sally at a cabaret and the Gordons are soon divorced. Just as he gets bored with Sally's superficiality, Beth strives to improve her looks. The original couple falls in love again at a summer resort.
Underfire: The Untold Story of Pfc. Tony Vaccaro=2016-10-06=The remarkable story of WWII infantryman and photographer Tony Vaccaro, who created one of the most comprehensive, haunting and intimate photographic records of the war using a smuggled $47 camera while developing the negatives in his helmet at night.
Fido=2006-09-07="Timmy Robinson's best friend in the whole wide world is a six-foot tall rotting zombie named Fido. But when Fido eats the next-door neighbor, Mom and Dad hit the roof, and Timmy has to go to the ends of the earth to keep Fido a part of the family. A boy-and-his-dog movie for grown ups, ""Fido"" will rip your heart out."
High School Hellcats=1958-06-01=The Hellcats are an all-female gang bent on bucking authority and terrorizing the schools by doing things like having a bad attitude toward their teachers and parents. When Joyce, a new student, moves into the neighborhood, she draws the attention of The Hellcats. Desperate for acceptance and unhappy with her homelife, Joyce goes along with the gang, and is soon drinking, dancing and meeting boys. Can her parents stop her descent into depravity?
Mimesis=2011-10-07=A group of horror fans find themselves unwilling participants in a nightmarish role playing game that pays homage to a classic horror film.
Ritual=2013-12-31=A long time ago Tom loved Lovely. They were married and everything was perfect, at least for a little while. But that was then and this is now. Lovely has just killed a man in cold blood after he tried to drug and kidnap her in a motel. She calls Tom to help but now they've found a VHS tape that depicts a satanic ritual in which a woman is murdered. Lovely desperately wants to leave and they do, but Tom forgot his engraved lighter in the room, and when they go back to find it, the dead body appears missing.
Sharpe's Revenge=1997-05-07=Sharpe is framed as the thief who stole Napolean's gold, and he must clear his name to avoid execution. Meanwhile his wife Jane - urged on by a friend - makes some questionable choices.
Pacific Rim=2013-07-11=When legions of monstrous creatures, known as Kaiju, started rising from the sea, a war began that would take millions of lives and consume humanity's resources for years on end. To combat the giant Kaiju, a special type of weapon was devised: massive robots, called Jaegers, which are controlled simultaneously by two pilots whose minds are locked in a neural bridge. But even the Jaegers are proving nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless Kaiju. On the verge of defeat, the forces defending mankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes—a washed-up former pilot (Charlie Hunnam) and an untested trainee (Rinko Kikuchi)—who are teamed to drive a legendary but seemingly obsolete Jaeger from the past. Together, they stand as mankind's last hope against the mounting apocalypse.
Pilot Error=2014-11-13=Investigative reporter Nicola Wilson is determined to find out why a jet headed from South America to Paris disappeared in the Atlantic, taking her close friend and 211 other passengers with it. How can a plane just disappear? As Nicola digs deeper and deeper into this mystery, she puts her job, friends and very livelihood on the the line. Even though she knows nothing about aviation, refuses to fly and doesn't speak French, Nicola quickly uncovers astonishing details about the missing flight. Was it preventable? Has it happened before? Could it happen again? And was it PILOT ERROR?
Bones Brigade: An Autobiography=2012-01-21=When six teenage boys came together as a skateboarding team in the 1980s, they reinvented not only their chosen sport but themselves too – as they evolved from insecure outsiders to the most influential athletes in the field.
Ace of Hearts=2008-05-06=Officer Daniel Harding is a distinguished member of the K-9 police unit. His partner and best friend is Ace, a police dog. When Ace is accused of mauling a suspect, an overzealous DA convinces police authorities that Ace should be euthanized.
The Whisperer in Darkness=2011-03-12=Written in 1931, H.P. Lovecraft's iconic genre-bending tale of suspense and alien terrors is brought to life in the style of the classic horror films of the 1930s like Frankenstein, Dracula and King Kong. Using its Mythoscope™ process — a mix of vintage and modern techniques — the H.P. Lovecraft Historical Society expands on Lovecraft's original tale while still bringing you unparalleled authenticity.  Horror and science fiction collide in the adventure of Albert Wilmarth, a folklore professor at Miskatonic University, as he investigates legends of strange creatures rumored to dwell in the most remote mountains of Vermont. Wilmarth’s investigation leads him to a discovery of horrors quite beyond anything he ever imagined, and ends in a desperate attempt to escape the remote New England hills with his life and sanity intact.
Weirdsville=2007-10-12=A pair of slackers get in way over their heads when they try to dump the body of a dead girlfriend in the basement of a drive-in movie theater where a satanic cult performs ritual sacrifices.
Tuesdays with Morrie=1999-12-05=Mitch became caught up with his career as a sport commentator and journalist. He ignored his girlfriend and did not make time to do things in life that are of the most value to a human being. Morrie was one of Mitch's professors in college and a famous scholar. One day Mitch was watching television and saw Morrie giving an interview stating that he is dying of Lou Gehrig disease or ALS.
Greetings=1968-12-15=An offbeat, episodic film about three friends, Paul, a shy love-seeker, Lloyd, a vibrant conspiracy nut, and Jon, an aspiring filmmaker and peeping tom. The film satirizes free-love, the Kennedy assassination, Vietnam, and amateur film-making.
검은 사제들=2015-11-05=To save a girl in danger, a priest and deacon jump into a mysterious case.
Lone Star=1996-06-21=When the skeleton of his murdered predecessor is found, Sheriff Sam Deeds unearths many other long-buried secrets in his Texas border town.
Qui êtes-vous, Polly Maggoo?=1966-10-21="In this excoriating satire of the fashion industry, Polly Maggoo is a 20-year-old Brooklyn-born fashion model in Paris, on the runway at the big shows where magazine editor Ms. Maxwell is the reigning opinion maker. The ridiculous passes for sublime. Polly becomes the subject of an episode of a vapid TV news documentary series called ""Qui êtes-vous?"" and is pursued by the filmmaker and by the prince of Borodine, a small country in the Soviet bloc."
Red-Headed Woman=1932-06-25=Lil works for the Legendre Company and causes Bill to divorce Irene and marry her. She has an affair with businessman Gaerste and uses him to force society to pay attention to her. She has another affair with the chauffeur Albert.
All About Eve=1950-11-09=From the moment she glimpses her idol at the stage door, Eve Harrington is determined to take the reins of power away from the great actress Margo Channing. Eve maneuvers her way into Margo's Broadway role, becomes a sensation and even causes turmoil in the lives of Margo's director boyfriend, her playwright and his wife. Only the cynical drama critic sees through Eve, admiring her audacity and perfect pattern of deceit.
One Good Cop=1991-05-03=When his loyal longtime partner, a widower, is killed in the line of duty and leaves behind three young children, Artie Lewis (Michael Keaton), a dedicated New York City cop and his wife, Rita (Rene Russo), decide to take the kids in. But the lives of his new family members are quickly on the line as Artie investigates his partner's death. Can he find the killer -- and keep the girls safe?
Marguerite=2015-09-16=Paris in the 1920s. Marguerite Dumont is a wealthy woman with a passion for music and the opera. For years, she has performed regularly for a circle of guests. But Marguerite sings tragically out of tune and no one has ever told her. Her husband and her close friends have always encouraged her in her illusions. Things become very complicated the day she gets it into her head to perform in front of a genuine public, at the Opera.
Desire=1936-04-11=Madeleine steals a string of pearls in Paris and uses US engineer Tom, who is driving on his vacation to Spain, to get the pearls out of France. But getting the pearls back from him proves to be difficult without falling in love.
Ray=2004-10-29=Born on a sharecropping plantation in Northern Florida, Ray Charles went blind at seven. Inspired by a fiercely independent mom who insisted he make his own way, He found his calling and his gift behind a piano keyboard. Touring across the Southern musical circuit, the soulful singer gained a reputation and then exploded with worldwide fame when he pioneered couping gospel and country together.
Roma=1972-03-15=A virtually plotless, gaudy, impressionistic portrait of Rome through the eyes of one of its most famous citizens.
The One and Only=1978-02-03=1951: Andy Schmidt is in his last year of college. Taking life easy and always a saucy joke on his lips, he manages to win fellow student Mary's heart, although she's already otherwise engaged. But getting a job after college turns out much harder than expected; most directors take offense at his free interpretation of his roles. Desperate, he tries in wrestling. To avoid getting beaten up he stages the fights - and incidentally invents show-wrestling.
Kickboxer: Vengeance=2016-07-14=Eric and Kurt Sloane are the descendants of a well-known Venice, California-based family of martial artists.  Kurt, the younger of the two,  has always been in his brother Eric’s shadow, and despite his talent has been told he lacks the instinct needed to become a champion.  But when Kurt witnesses the merciless murder of his brother at the hands of Muay Thai champion Tong Po, he vows revenge.  He trains with his brother’s mentor for a fight to the death with Tong Po. At first it seems impossible to turn Kurt into the living weapon he must become to beat Tong Po, but through a series of tests and dangerous encounters, Kurt proves he has a deeper strength that will carry him through to his final showdown with Tong Po.
警察故事4之簡單任務=1996-02-10=Jackie Chan reprises his role as Chan Ka-Kui (also known in some versions as Jackie) yet again as a Hong Kong cop who works with Interpol to track down and arrest an illegal weapons dealer. Later Jackie realizes that things are not as simple as they appear and soon find himself a pawn of an organisation posing as Russian intelligence.
Five the Hard Way=1969-05-01=Motorcycle racer Rommel seeks vengeance against JC, a madman who murdered the sidehacker's fiancee.
루시드 드림=2017-02-22=Dae-ho, an investigative journalist, seeks to track down the whereabouts of his son who was abducted three years ago. With the help of a detective and a psychiatrist friend, he will retrace his memory of the incident through the use of lucid dreaming techniques.
Bartleby=2001-03-10="An adaptation of Herman Melville's short story ""Bartleby, the Scrivener"" told in the setting of a modern office."
Tricked: The Documentary=2013-12-13=This character-driven film considers the evolving sex trafficking landscape as seen by the main players: the exploited, the pimps, the johns that fuel the business, and the cops who fight to stop it.
Swing Shift=1984-04-13=In 1941 America Kay and her husband are happy enough until he enlists after Pearl Harbor. Against his wishes, his wife takes a job at the local aircraft plant where she meets Hazel, the singer from across the way the two soon become firm friends and with the other girls become increasingly expert workers. As the war drags on Kay finally dates her trumpet playing foreman and life gets complicated
Lawn Dogs=1997-11-21=In the affluent, gated community of Camelot Gardens, bored wives indiscriminately sleep around while their unwitting husbands try desperately to climb the social ladder. Trent, a 21-year-old outsider who mows the neighborhood lawns, quietly observes the infidelities and hypocrisies of this overly privileged society. When Devon, a 10-year-old daughter from one family, forges a friendship with Trent, things suddenly get very complicated.
Historias extraordinarias=2008-05-01=In this adventurous experiment in storytelling, secret identities, missing persons, lost treasures, exotic beasts and desperate criminals are only a few of the elements woven into a grand tapestry of mysteries.
Джентльмены удачи=1971-12-13="A kindergarten director Troshkin is a dead ringer for a criminal nicknamed ""Docent"" who stole the priceless..."
An Innocent Man=1989-10-06=Jimmie Rainwood was minding his own business when two corrupt police officers (getting an address wrong) burst into his house, expecting to find a major drug dealer. Rainwood is shot, and the officers frame him as a drug dealer. Rainwood is convicted of drug dealing, based on the perjured evidence of a police informant. Thrown into a seedy jail, fighting to prove his innocence is diffucult when he has to deal with the realities of prison life, where everyone claims they were framed.
Hawks=1988-08-05=Two terminally ill patients in a hospital yearn for relief from their predicament. With little or no friends, they form an uneasy alliance and plot an escape for one last wild time.
La passante du Sans-Souci=1982-04-14=During an interview, Max Baumstein (Piccoli), respected chairman of a humanitarian organisation, shoots the Paraguayan ambassador dead, in cold blood. Tried for first-degree murder, he explains himself: the ambassador was a former Nazi official, responsible for the extermination of his family.
Surf Nazis Must Die=1987-07-03=When the grandson of a gun wielding woman is murdered by neo-nazi surf punks in the post-apocalyptic future, this grandma hunts them down for some bloodthirsty revenge.
Return to Snowy River=1988-03-24=After a few years trying to earn money to marry Jessica Harrison (Sigrid Thornton), Jim Craig (Tom Burlinson) returns to Snowy River. But he finds that a lot of things have changed.
Comedy Central Roast of Bob Saget=2008-08-17="The aggravatingly amiable star of ""Full House,"" ""America's Funniest Home Videos"""
Foodfight!=2012-06-15=Dex, a superdog sleuth, is the law of the land when the world's most recognized brands take on the forces of evil and the devilish Brand X.
Savage Weekend=1979-03-09=Several couples head upstate to the country to watch a boat being built. Unfortunately they are stalked by a murderer behind a ghoulish mask.
Jon Richardson Live: Nidiot=2014-12-01=Jon Richardson's new DVD Nidiot takes the star of '8 Out Of Ten Cats' and 'Live at the Apollo' to new levels of frustration. Recorded live in front of a sold out audience at the legendary Hammersmith Apollo we find that becoming happy hasn't necessarily ruined his life.
राउडी राठौर=2012-06-01=Low-life thief Shiva and top-cop Vikram Rathore are identical. Vikram killed by foes but his daughter thinks Shiva is her dad - can this Rowdy win respect?
Fun & Fancy Free=1947-09-27="Jiminy Cricket hosts two Disney animated shorts: ""Bongo,"" about a circus bear escaping to the wild, and ""Mickey and the Beanstalk,"" a take on the famous fairy tale."
Neurons to Nirvana=2013-10-19=Through interviews with leading psychologists and scientists, Neurons to Nirvana explores the history of four powerful psychedelic substances (LSD, Psilocybin, MDMA and Ayahuasca) and their previously established medicinal potential. Strictly focusing on the science and medicinal properties of these drugs, Neurons to Nirvana looks into why our society has created such a social and political bias against even allowing research to continue the exploration of any possible positive effects they can present in treating some of today's most challenging afflictions.
Screen Test=1985-08-09=A group of sex-crazy guys pose as porno filmmakers just to audition groups of lovelies in various states of undress. Eventually, they're pressurized into coming up with an actual movie.
Santa Claus Conquers the Martians=1964-11-14=Martians, upset that their children have become obsessed with TV shows from Earth which extol the virtues of Santa Claus, start an expedition to Earth to kidnap the one and only Santa. While on Earth, they kidnap two lively children that lead the group of Martians to the North Pole and Santa. The Martians then take Santa and the two children back to Mars with them. Voldar, a particularly grumpy Martian, attempts to do away with the children and Santa before they get to Mars, but their leader Lomas stops him. When they arrive on Mars, Santa, with the help of the two Earth children and a rather simple-minded Martian lackey, overcomes the Martians by bringing fun, happiness and Christmas cheer to the children of Mars.
Jungle 2 Jungle=1997-03-07=Uptight New York City executive, Michael Cromwell, pursues his soon-to-be ex-wife to South America and returns home with the son he never knew he had -- a boy raised in a tribal village in Brazil. Armed with only his blowgun, the 13-year-old Mimi-Siku discovers that the world outside his jungle home is indeed a strange place.
Helikopter Streichquartett=2005-01-01=One morning, the late Karlheinz Stockhausen awoke from a dream that told him to take to the sky. Stockhausen envisioned four helicopters swirling in the clouds, with each of a quartet’s members tucked inside his own chopper, communicating through headsets, stringing away in sync to the rotor-blade motors. He immediately set forth to make that dream a reality. In 1995, Dutch film director Scheffer followed Stockhausen in the days leading up to the premiere performance of his Helicopter String Quartet in Amsterdam. The resulting film offers a rare glimpse of Stockhausen as he patiently dictates every agonizingly detailed measure to the Arditti Quartet.
Osenniy Marafon=1979-06-06=Andrey Pavlovich Buzykin, who makes a living by teaching at an institute and translating English literature, is cheating on his wife. Buzykin's main problem is that he's a kind man with a weak character. The lies he is telling his wife all the time are inconvincing, but he never has the courage to tell her the truth. His lover, Alla, is aware of his family life, but gets offended when, for example, he cannot meet her so that he doesn't come home late, or when he doesn't want to go home in a new jacket she gives him to avoid having to explain to his wife. Alla and Nina, Andrei's wife, both leave him, forgive him, and return to him at the same time, and Andrei continues with this kind of life, full of suffering and deceit. Finally, both women are so fed up with his lies that they don't believe him even when he is telling the truth...
Housebound=2014-09-04=When Kylie Bucknell is sentenced to home detention, she's forced to come to terms with her unsociable behaviour, her blabbering mother and a hostile spirit who seems less than happy about the new living arrangement.
Mute Witness=1995-09-28=Billy is mute, but it hasn't kept her from becoming a successful makeup artist. While in Russia, working on a film directed by her sister's boyfriend, Andy, Billy finds herself trapped in the studio one night and is horrified to see a snuff film being made. Billy escapes and, with the help of her sister, Kate, alerts authorities about what she saw. Unfortunately, in doing so, she makes an enemy of the Russian mafia, who funded the snuff film.
Force=2011-09-23=A vengeful drug-dealer/gangster targets and terrorizes an entire police unit and their families.
Masti=2004-04-09=Three henpecked friends try to escape their unhappy marriages by seeking out some extramarital fun, only to end up being blackmailed.
Maggie Simpson in The Longest Daycare=2012-07-12=Maggie Simpson returns to the Ayn Rand School for Tots. There, Maggie's future prospects are deemed to be minimal, so she is left in one of the daycare's less enjoyable rooms, with just a butterfly for company.
Man's Castle=1933-11-20=Impoverished Bill befriends starving Trina and takes her into his shantytown cabin and looks after her, but making clear there are no strings attached and that he remains entirely free.
The Mummy Resurrected=2014-03-01=A team of archaeologists discover an ancient mummy, unleashing a deadly curse from its eternal tomb.
The Challengers=1990-10-14=After her father dies and she moves to a new town, Mackie wants to join a certain gang/band. But they've got this boys-only rule. So Mackie comes up with an audacious plan...only it begins to backfire.
They=2002-11-01=After witnessing a horrific and traumatic event, Julia Lund, a graduate student in psychology, gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real. And what's worse, it might be coming back to get her..
Miracle on Ice=1981-03-01=Hockey coach Herb Brooks leads Mike Eruzione, Jim Craig and team to a gold medal in the 1980 Olympics.
Hot to Trot=1988-08-26=Fred P. Chaney receives as inheritance after the death of his mother a speaking horse that also has good knowledge about the stock-market. With the help of this horse Fred gains a lot at the stock-market of Chicago.
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus=1971-01-01=It is essentially the same concept as an English Monty Python's episode, but in German. The paintings by Albrecht Dürer, fall victim to silly animations. Little Red Riding Hood shows up too. A number of familiar sketches, including the Lumberjack song, all in German.
天殘地缺=1979-12-31=Two men skilled in the arts of Kung-Fu are betrayed by their master and crippled for life, one left with no arms and the other with no legs. Despite their obvious disadvantages, they learn to combine their martial arts skills and seek revenge against the evil master.
The Real Cancun=2003-04-23=Sixteen American college students drink, flirt, fight and canoodle during their Spring Break vacation in Cancun, Mexico.
The American Astronaut=2001-01-20=Samual Curtis's first mission in this bizarre science fiction musical comedy requires him to take a cat to a saloon on an asteroid. There, he meets his former dance partner (the Blueberry Pirate) and collects his payment: a device capable of producing a Real Live Girl. Including music by alternative rock group The Billy Nayer Show, this film began life as a live show with a loyal following.
La vie devant soi=1977-11-02=Madame Rosa lives in a sixth-floor walkup in the Pigalle; she's a retired prostitute, Jewish and an Auschwitz survivor, a foster mom to children of other prostitutes. Momo is the oldest and her favorite, an Algerian lad whom she raises as a Muslim. He asks about his parents; she answers evasively. As she ages and takes fewer children, Momo must do more for her; as money is tight, he tries to earn pennies on the street with a puppet. He's a beautiful man-child, and Madame Rosa makes him promise never to sell himself or become a pimp. A film editor, Nadine, befriends him, and his father appears as well. Madame Rosa reaches her last days in fear of hospitals, and Momo must act.
The Man Who Loved Women=1983-12-18=1983 Burt Reynolds version -- This is the tale of a sculptor named David who has a major womanizing problem. He goes to seek help from a psychiatrist, Marianna, to cure him of his obsession with women. His story of sexual and romantic exploits with the ladies is told by Marianna.
The Hospital=1971-12-14=A suicidal doctor struggles to find meaning in his life while a murderer stalks the halls of his hospital.
The Mad Scientist=1941-09-26=The Man of Steel fights a mad scientist who is destroying Metropolis with an energy cannon.
Någon att älska=1968-10-18=After her boyfriend leaves her alone and penniless, Inga can only long for the love of another man devoted to satisfying her body and soul. Rolf, a young pop singer and musician, tries his best to seduce her, but she ultimately falls for Stig - a dashing older man and writer. Stig owns a beautiful villa, and Inga gladly becomes his personal secretary - and lover. When business takes Stig away, Inga's loneliness and unfulfilled sensual desires lead her straight into the arms and bed of Rolf. As passions surge and forbidden lust is embraced, Inga will be forced to confront a shocking secret and reconcile an aching heart with a tireless young body that can't say no.
Our Idiot Brother=2011-08-26=Everybody has the sibling who is always just a little bit behind the curve when it comes to getting his life together. For sisters Liz, Miranda and Natalie, that person is their perennially upbeat brother Ned, an erstwhile organic farmer whose willingness to rely on the honesty of mankind is a less-than-optimum strategy for a tidy, trouble-free existence. Ned may be utterly lacking in common sense, but he is their brother and so, after his girlfriend dumps him and boots him off the farm, his sisters once again come to his rescue. As Liz, Miranda and Natalie each take a turn at housing Ned, their brother's unfailing commitment to honesty creates more than a few messes in their comfortable routines. But as each of their lives begins to unravel, Ned's family comes to realize that maybe, in believing and trusting the people around him, Ned isn't such an idiot after all.
Giornata nera per l'ariete=1971-08-28=Luigi Bazzoni (Le Orme) directed this outstanding giallo thriller starring Franco Nero as a hard-drinking newspaperman who gets involved in a string of brutal murders.
Rasputin: The Mad Monk=1966-03-06=Rasputin, a crazed and debauched monk wreaks havoc at the local inn one night, chopping off the hand of one of the drinkers. As the bitter locals plan their revenge, the evil Rasputin works his satanic power over the beautiful women who serve at the Tsar's palace. Even the Tsarina herself is seduced by his evil ways and, as his influence begins to dominate government policy, there is only one course of action left... to destroy him before he destroys them all.
楊貴妃=1955-05-03=In eighth century China, the Emperor is grieving over the death of his wife. The Yang family wants to provide the Emperor with a consort so that they may consolidate their influence over the court. General An Lushan finds a distant relative working in their kitchen whom they groom to present to the Emperor. The Emperor falls in love with her and she becomes the Princess Yang Kwei-fei. The Yangs are then appointed important ministers, though An Lushan is not given the court position he covets. The ministers misuse their power so much that there is a popular revolt against all the Yangs, fueled by An Lushan.
Griechische Feigen=1977-01-20=In this sex comedy, a good-looking German girl goes on vacation in Greece, and a large number of people try to get her to go to bed with them. With a light, teasing manner, she turns all of them down, until at last she meets a boy she really likes.
Thor=2011-04-21=Against his father Odin's will, The Mighty Thor - a powerful but arrogant warrior god - recklessly reignites an ancient war. Thor is cast down to Earth and forced to live among humans as punishment. Once here, Thor learns what it takes to be a true hero when the most dangerous villain of his world sends the darkest forces of Asgard to invade Earth.
Illusions funambulesques=1903-01-01=Pioneer filmmaker Georges Méliès performs his cine-magic act.
執法者=1981-03-04=Chow Yun-Fat and Danny Lee star in this police action film. Two cops are trying to capture a triad boss, but are interrupted by hitman played by Chow Yun-Fat. This is one of those unique combination Hong Kong movies with action, comedy, and violence.
School Of Life=2005-02-19=At Fallbrook Middle School, the annual student-elected Teacher of the Year award is held. And every year for the last 43 years Norman Warner or most fondly called Stormin' Norman Warner has won the award. Now that he has died, the burden of carrying the legacy falls into the hands of Matt Warner, the son of the late Norman Warner who has always lived in the shadow of his father.
The Heat=2013-06-27="Uptight and straight-laced, FBI Special Agent Sarah Ashburn is a methodical investigator with a reputation for excellence--and hyper-arrogance. Shannon Mullins, one of Boston P.D.'s ""finest,"" is foul-mouthed and has a very short fuse, and uses her gut instinct and street smarts to catch the most elusive criminals. Neither has ever had a partner, or a friend for that matter. When these two wildly incompatible law officers join forces to bring down a ruthless drug lord, they become the last thing anyone expected: Buddies."
Starred Up=2013-09-09=19-year-old Eric, arrogant and ultra-violent, is prematurely transferred to the same adult prison facility as his estranged father. As his explosive temper quickly finds him enemies in both prison authorities and fellow inmates — and his already volatile relationship with his father is pushed past breaking point — Eric is approached by a volunteer psychotherapist, who runs an anger management group for prisoners. Torn between gang politics, prison corruption, and a glimmer of something better, Eric finds himself in a fight for his own life, unsure if his own father is there to protect him or join in punishing him.
Little Thirteen=2012-07-04=The everyday lives of teenagers, coming from various social backgrounds. For them, sexuality has become a substitute for love, resulting from emotional neglect.
Lauf Junge lauf=2013-11-12=Run Boy Run is the true story of Jurek, an eight-year-old boy, who escapes from the Warsaw ghetto, then manages to survive in the woods and working as a farmhand, disguising himself as a Polish orphan. He encounters people who will betray him for a reward, who will beat him up or try to kill him, and he meets those, who will do and risk almost everything to help him. Jurek’s resilience is put to the ultimate test, when an accident cripples him, making it harder to find work. But he struggles on against all odds. Eventually the Russians reach his area and Jurek even finds a family where he could stay. Yet he is betrayed again, and a young man from a Jewish orphanage forcefully tries to bring Jurek back to his people and his faith.
Les Amants du Pont-Neuf=1991-10-16=Set against Paris' oldest bridge, the Pont Neuf, while it was closed for repairs, this film is a love story between two young vagrants: Alex, a would be circus performer addicted to alcohol and sedatives and Michele, a painter driven to a life on the streets because of a failed relationship and an affliction which is slowly turning her blind.
Not Easily Broken=2009-01-09=A car accident and shifting affections test the bond between a married couple.
The American Dreamer=1971-04-01="A documentary about actor/director Dennis Hopper, showing him at his home and studio putting together his film ""The Last Movie."""
El silencio antes de Bach (Die Stille vor Bach)=2007-12-21=This latest feature from the eccentrically experimental Catalan director Portabella is a beautiful, sometimes faintly bonkers celebration and contemplation of the role Bach’s music plays in the world today. Blending historical reconstruction with very loosely linked ‘dramatic’ scenes and documentary sequences, the film constitutes a playful, painterly sequence of variations on the argument that Johann Sebastian changed the way the world hears thanks to his extraordinary ear for harmony.
Holy Lola=2004-10-16=The story of a young couple, Pierre and Geraldine, and their desire for a child, which leads them on a journey of initiation to Cambodia.  On their difficult and transformative adventure, they must contend with obstructive authorities and the jealousies and mistrust of a small community of would-be adoptive parents.
God's Gift To Women=1931-04-13=Frank Fay stars in this 1931 Warner Bros. farce as a notorious womanizer who sets his sights on pretty American tourist Laura La Plante, only to be told by his doctor that he must give up all romance for his health. Also with Joan Blondell, Louise Brooks, Charles Winninger and Alan Mowbray.
Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed=2004-03-24=When Mystery, Inc. are guests of honor at the grand opening of the Coolsville Museum of Criminology, a masked villain shows up and creates havoc before stealing the costumes of the gang's most notorious villains...Could it be that their nemesis, mad scientist Jonathan Jacobo has returned and is trying to recreate their deadliest foes?
Haunted Highway=2006-12-02=An American photographer has an affair with a mysterious woman (Yoshikawa), which leads him into a confrontation with the occult.
The Golden Bowl=2000-05-14="An intricately plotted tale of thwarted love and betrayal, ""The Golden Bowl"" tells the story of an extravagantly rich American widower and his sheltered daughter, both of whom marry only to discover that their respective mates, a beautiful American expatriate and an impoverished Italian aristocrat, are entangled with one another in a romantic intrigue of seduction and deceit."
Witchcraft=1964-03-01=When her grave is disturbed by modern-day land developers, a 300-year-old witch is accidentally resurrected and terrorizes an English village.
La Meute=2010-09-29=In the middle of a snowy no man's land, Charlotte picks up Max, a hitchhiker; they stop in a truck-stop restaurant, and when Max doesn't come back from the bathroom, Charlotte starts looking for him in vain. She decides to return during the night but gets kidnapped by the bartender, La Spack, who turns out to be Max's mother and needs to feed her kids, 'The pack', a bunch of blood lusting ghouls. Charlotte now faces a terrifying reality: these ghouls are already dead... and hungry. Alone and in the middle of nowhere, she quickly realizes... she's next on the menu!
Beverly Hills Chihuahua=2008-10-03=A pampered Beverly Hills chihuahua named Chloe who, while on vacation in Mexico with her owner Viv's niece, Rachel, gets lost and must rely on her friends to help her get back home before she is caught by a dognapper who wants to ransom her.
Caligola=1979-01-21=The perversion behind imperial Rome, the epic story of Rome's mad Emporer. All the details of his cruel, bizarre reign are revealed right here: His unholy sexual passion for his sister, his marriage to Rome's most infamous prostitute, his fiendishly inventive means of disposing those who would oppose him, and more.
Unedited Footage of a Bear=2014-12-16=This is unedited raw footage of a bear I filmed with my cell phone. I'm not sure what kind of bear this is.
Rammstein: Live aus Berlin=1999-08-31="The Rammstein - Live aus Berlin DVD is a compilation of two live concerts filmed at Berlin's open-air Parkbühne (""park stage"") Wuhlheide in August 1998. The DVD offers 17 of the band's songs, most of which are found on the two CD albums ""Sehnsucht"" and ""Herzeleid."" The show itself is a very entertaining performance with plenty of the usual stunts, pyrotechnics, and lighting effects you'd expect from an industrial metal band."
The Tsunami and the Cherry Blossom=2011-09-12=On 11 March 2011, an earthquake caused a tsunami to hit the Tōhoku (Northeast) region of Japan. In this film, survivors of the tsunami rebuild as cherry blossom season begins. The film is a stunning visual haiku about the ephemeral nature of life–and of the healing power of Japan's most beloved flower.
รักที่ขอนแก่น=2015-09-02=In a hospital, ten soldiers are being treated for a mysterious sleeping sickness. In a story in which dreams can be experienced by others, and in which goddesses can sit casually with mortals, a nurse learns the reason why the patients will never be cured, and forms a telepathic bond with one of them.
The Beautiful Ordinary=2007-06-10=During the summer of 1999, a group of teenagers, through interconnected narratives, live through their last day of high school and prepare for the future. Holly, once the new girl in school, does whatever it takes to remain popular. Dawn, who is secretly a lesbian, battles drugs. Tori is the valedictorian of her class, but, on the eve of graduation, she decides to experiment with drugs for the first time.
The Scenic Route=1978-04-15=Spins the tale of a woman, her sister, and the man who completes the triangle. Told through such fertile sources as grand opera, classical painting, and Victorian melodrama.
Carol Channing: Larger Than Life=2012-01-20=If Carol Channing didn't exist, no one could have made her up. One in a billion, Carol , at 89, remains an unstoppable, megawatt dynamo. Broadway diva extraordinaire is just the icing. Carol Channing hovered at the pinnacle of the entertainment world from the late-1950's through the 1960's and beyond, living life sensationally large. As Carol has observed, '...if you're lucky enough to have two hit shows, the world passes through your dressing room'. At 89, she remains irrepressible.
Paradies: Glaube=2012-08-29=Second film in Ulrich Seidl's Paradise trilogy. A devout Catholic woman practises her religion at home and in the local community, but is unprepared for the reappearance of her estranged husband, who is a Muslim.
Monte Carlo or Bust!=1969-04-28="Sequel to ""Those Magnificent Men In Their Flying Machines"". This time an international car rally from England to Monte Carlo provides the comedic farce."
The Last Five Years=2014-11-03=In New York, a struggling actress and a successful writer sing about their failed marriage from two perspectives.
Schoffies=2006-12-06="Nowhere in the world are the grey herons so cheeky as in the city of Amsterdam, The Netherlands. This film is a wildlife documentary that tells the story of the way the grey herons are living in the middle of the city and how they deal with those other creatures namely humans. The documentary shows the relationship between these animals and their sometimes ""human lovers"", or haters, through one year. Showing the city and their inhabitants in different seasons. The often-humorous solutions the birds find to get the attention and food from the people is cut with the tension from people loving their little ponds where the heron steal the fish. They also have quite a method to walk into bars to get a piece of chicken. The heron tale is a story about two creature's men and bird and how they deal with life in a very crowded city."
The Alibi=2006-01-12="Con man Ray Elliot decides to leave crime behind to start a company that sells fake alibis to clients who have been unfaithful to their significant others. It seems that the streetwise Ray has found his calling, until he unexpectedly becomes a murder suspect in a case involving one of his most influential customers. Now, as the police and an assassin called ""The Mormon"" track Ray, he and his attractive assistant, Lola, must clear their own names."
White Bondage=1937-08-05=A reporter risks lynching to prove that share croppers are being cheated.
Forever Hardcore: The Documentary=2005-02-15=FOREVER HARDCORE is fearless in exposing the true history of this wrestling revolution, as the faces that shaped an era share their memories through the laughter and the tears.
Good Luck Chuck=2007-09-21=Cursed since childhood, dentist Charlie Kagan cannot find the right woman. Even worse, he learns that each of his ex-girlfriends finds true love with the man she meets after her relationship with him ends. Hearing of Charlie's reputation as a good-luck charm, women from all over line up for a quick tryst. But when Charlie meets the woman of his dreams, he must find a way to break the curse or risk losing her to the next man she meets.
Pina=2011-02-24=PINA is a feature-length dance film in 3D with the ensemble of the Tanztheater Wuppertal Pina Bausch, featuring the unique and inspiring art of the great German choreographer, who died in the summer of 2009.
Silent Venom=2009-06-02="The only thing more terrifying than Snakes on a Plane is ""Snakes on a Submarine,"" and that's exactly what we get in this claustrophobic, sub-aquatic thriller starring Luke Perry. Lieutenant Commander O'Neill (Perry) was piloting a retired submarine to its final port when Admiral Wallace (Tom Berenger) diverted the crew for one last mission: rescue an imperiled army research team before they meet a watery death. In order to reach the researchers and their top secret cargo while avoiding detection by a hostile enemy fleet, Lieutenant Commander O'Neill orders his crew to ""run silent"" in the depths. That silence is soon broken, however, when the cargo proves to be two genetically altered leviathans. Now, far beneath the ocean floor, a new kind of predator emerges to prove just how vulnerable man truly is when there's nowhere left to run."
The Rocket=2013-02-10=Set against the lush backdrop of rural Laos, this spirited drama tells the story of scrappy ten-year-old Ahlo, who yearns to break free from his ill-fated destiny. After his village is displaced to make way for a massive dam, Ahlo escapes with his father and grandmother through the Laotian outback in search of a new home. Along the way, they come across a rocket festival that offers Ahlo a lucrative but dangerous chance to prove his worth.
The Yes Men Are Revolting=2014-09-04=Activist-pranksters Andy Bichlbaum and Mike Bonnano pull the rug out from under mega-corporations, government officials and a complacent media in a series of outrageous stunts designed to draw awareness to the issue of climate change.
Kruimeltje=1999-12-22=The film is based on the popular Dutch childrens book by Chris van Abkoude. In a Dutch port in 1921 lives a 10-year-old orphan boy known to everyone simply as Little Crumb (Ruud Feltkamp). His poverty-stricken mother Lize van Dien (Thekla Reuten) filled with shame was forced to turn him over to Mrs. Koster (Sacha Bulthuis) soon after he was born. Foster mother Mrs. Koster, who has cared for him since he was a baby, is very poor too, unable to support him by herself and proves to be a cruel taskmaster who insists Crumb bring her money before shell feed him. Somehow he must earn his keep out on the streets and can only go home after he has earned enough money. Crumb becomes an urchin stealing from the streets barrows and the shops to stay alive, sleeping in churches or huddled in doorways. Sometimes he has to run off from the police and he has earned the enmity of the most grownups around him.
Merrily We Live=1938-03-04="Dizzy society matron Emily Kilbourne has a habit of hiring ex-cons and hobos as servants. Her latest find is a handsome ""tramp"" who shows up at her doorstep and soon ends up in a chauffeur's uniform. He also catches the eye of her pretty Geraldine."
Choppertown: The Sinners=2005-08-14=Choppertown is the world’s first motorcycle documentary about the renowned hot rod and motorcycle club, the Sinners. Modern day greasers, the Sinners are all about the old school. None of them is old enough to have experienced the hot rod heydays of the ‘50s and ‘60s, but still they live on the edge of society chopping cars and bikes and searching for vintage parts to make their “Rat Rods”, “Trumps”, “Mercs”, and “Bobbers” into rolling works of art.
Lyubov V Bolshom Gorode=2009-03-05=Three Russian friends work in New York, party hard and chase women. It's great times until they get cursed by a drunken Russian night club owner, who turns out to be Saint Valentine. St. Valentine's curse is simple - the guys lose all their manly powers until they find their true love. It turns out to be harder than it sounds - our boys have a lot of growing up to do. Fast.
In Celebration=1975-03-17=In a Yorkshire mining town, three educated brothers return to their blue-collar home to celebrate the 40th wedding anniversary of their parents, but dark secrets come to the fore.
Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase=1939-09-09=Nancy Drew and Ted Nickerson solve a murder and save two elderly ladies from losing their family home. The old mansion is complete with a moving wall and a hidden staircase.
The Mudlark=1950-11-28=It's 1875 and a young street urchin wants to see Queen Victoria...
