The Glass House=1972-02-04="Adapted from a story by Truman Capote (""In Cold Blood""), the world of the prison convict is open to the viewer. As the story develops, one thing becomes clear. As in the outside world, there is a ""system""; and just as on the outside, there is accommodation, honesty, cynicism, violence and all the other factors that make up our society. The film follows the three newcomers, it records the grim, terrifying, sometimes fascinating events that occur."
Kryptonita=2015-12-03=Movie adaptation of Leonardo Oyola's novel, which tells the story of the legendary DC comics superhero, Superman, if he, instead of falling in Smallville from Krypton, would have landed in the heart of Isidro Casanova, in La Matanza, deep in the west side of Buenos Aires.
Modris=2014-10-24=In this tough but compassionate coming-of-age drama, a Latvian teenager with a serious gambling addiction sets out to find his long-lost father.
B+ Jing Taam=2011-05-12=Mysteries keep revolving around Tam’s life.
Собака на сене=1977-01-01=A musical comedy based on classical play by Félix Lope de Vega.
Star!=1968-07-18=Gertrude Lawrence rises to stage stardom at the cost of happiness.
Czerwony Pająk=2015-07-06=Karol, an ordinary young man, runs into a much older man, whom he believes to be a Red Spider, the terrifying serial killer, prowling the streets of Cracow in 1960s. Karol becomes obsessed with the man and spies on him.
La isla misteriosa=1973-03-17=1865, The American Civil War: Five POW manage to escape by balloon from Fort Richmond. Caught in a storm and with the balloon damaged they find themselves 'shipwrecked' on a volcanic desert island somewhere in the Pacific. Just before crash landing their leader, the brilliant engineer Cyrus Smith falls to his apparent death in the raging waters, but later turns up completely unharmed and with no memory of how he was saved. His fellow castaways are: the famous journalist Gedeon Spilett, the salty sailor Bonaventure Pencroff, the orphaned boy Harbert Brown and the black servant of Smith, Nab. The dog Top also joined them in the escape.
Mere Brother Ki Dulhan=2011-09-09=London-based Luv Agnihotri decides to end his bachelorhood and asks his Bollywood film-maker brother, Kush, to find a bride for him - much to the displeasure of his Dehradun-based father. Kush accordingly meets and interviews a variety of women, and finally selects Delhi-based Dimple Dixit, a woman he had known before, to be the perfect match. Dimple and Luv meet on-line, are attracted to each other, and the former travels to India where the two families get the couple formally engaged. It is then Dimple decides that she prefers Kush. Watch as things spiral out of control when she insists that Kush must elope with her.
Undocumented=2010-09-14=A documentary crew accompany a group of illegal immigrants crossing the Border, but their plans run afoul when they are captured by a gang of sadistic radicals in New Mexico.
Carts of Darkness=2008-01-01=In the picture-postcard community of North Vancouver, filmmaker Murray Siple follows men who have turned bottle-picking, their primary source of income, into the extreme sport of shopping cart racing. Enduring hardships from everyday life on the streets of Vancouver, this sub-culture depicts street life as much more than stereotypes portrayed in mainstream media. The films takes a deep look into the lives of the men who race carts, the adversity they face, and the appeal of cart racing despite the risk.
내가 살인범이다=2012-11-08="On the day the 15-year statute of limitations expired on a high profile serial murder case that claimed the lives of 10 women, a family member of the victim throws himself off the building in front of Choi Hyeong-goo, the detective in charge of the case. Two years later, a man called Lee Doo-seok publishes a book titled ""I am the Murderer"" claiming responsibility for the murders that took place 17 years ago. His book becomes a bestseller because of the author’s charming looks and his vivid depiction of the crime. The detective and the self-proclaimed murderer meet face to face on a television debate show. Believing that Lee is nothing but a con artist, Detective Choi renews his search for the ultimate truth. Then another man appears suddenly, claiming he is the real killer."
Pot-Bouille=1957-10-18=Young, handsome, dashing but cynical, Octave Mouret arrives in Paris, determined to conquer the belles of the capital.
The Revenant=2015-12-25=In the 1820s, a frontiersman, Hugh Glass, sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling.
Trail of the Screaming Forehead=2008-06-08=A small town infestation of crawling alien foreheads that begin attaching to people and taking them over collides with a scientist's experiments to extract foreheadazine and things go horribly horribly wrong.
Wanderlust=2006-07-12="""Wanderlust"", the interesting documentary Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini directed, is one of the best things about the role of road movies in our culture. This most American form of entertainment can be found in films from other countries, but it's the American vast landscape, which gives films of this genre the appeal and the significance that translates so well in movies made by some of the best creators in the business. ""Wanderlust"" succeeds in the interviews with some of the best creators of this particular style of movie making. We hear from Dennis Hopper, whose ""Easy Rider"", and others, typify the restlessness of the people taking the road. Allison Anders, another director that has set her stories that way, speaks intelligently about what is behind it all. Callie Khouri, Chris Eyre, Alexander Payne, Wim Wenders, Sam Shepard, Gus Van Sant and all the others contribute to make clear as to why we are all attracted to the road and what it all means to them."
He Took His Skin Off for Me=2014-10-18=A simple, domestic love story about a man who takes his skin off for his girlfriend, and why it probably wasn't the best idea...
The Long Way Home=1997-09-19=The story of the post World War II Jewish refugee situation from liberation to the establishment of the modern state of Israel.
Accident On Hill Road=2009-12-31=Accident on Hill Road is a cunning and energetic thriller that takes its premise from the real-life incident of a woman who hit a man, then drove home and parked the car in the garage with the man wedged halfway through her windshield. Celina Jaitly stars as Sonam Chopra, a hard-partying, overworked nursing assistant in this delicious, darkly humorous psychological thriller.
Show People=1928-11-20=Peggy Pepper arrives in Hollywood, from Georgia, to become a great dramatic star. Things do not go entirely according to plan.
Somewhere in Sonora=1933-05-27=John Bishop discovers a plot to rob a silver mine belonging to his girlfriend Mary's father and, to foil the evildoers, he joins them.
신기전=2008-09-04=During the reign of King Sejong, Joseon Dynasty was the embodiment of the perfect state. To the Ming China, the aspiring imperial power, Joseon presented an obstacle to territorial expansion. The Ming China demanded submission and interfered with internal affairs of Joseon. All the while keeping Joseon in check with the constant threat of the northern barbarians. Disgusted by the Chinese interference, King Sejong secretly develops the 'Phantom Arrowslinger,' a weapon he intends to use to take back Joseon's land and supremacy - but When Chinese spies discover the plan, the Chinese emperor attempts to disrupt the development with force, setting off a chain reaction of violence.
The Homesman=2014-05-18=When three women living on the edge of the American frontier are driven mad by harsh pioneer life, the task of saving them falls to the pious, independent-minded Mary Bee Cuddy. Transporting the women by covered wagon to Iowa, she soon realizes just how daunting the journey will be, and employs a low-life drifter, George Briggs, to join her. The unlikely pair and the three women head east, where a waiting minister and his wife have offered to take the women in. But the group first must traverse the harsh Nebraska Territories marked by stark beauty, psychological peril and constant threat.
Where Is Parsifal?=1985-07-19=Tucked away in his castle, a hypochondriac inventor plays generous host to a revolving cast of wacky guests. But to pay off his mounting debts, he must sell either a powerful businessman or a rich gypsy on his latest creation: a laser skywriter.
Speed Zone=1989-04-21=An illegal race that takes place over the United States and nothing will stop this bunch of racers except for the occasional cop or a damsel in distress. Jackie Chan's car is not in this one, but many new cars make up for that. Who will win? Who will crash? Who will not even finish? Sit down and buckle up for the ride of your life.
Help!=1965-07-29=This Beatles film has an obscure Asian cult, that believes in human sacrifice, chasing Ringo after he accidentally put on the their victim's ceremonial ring. He is pursued by the cult, a pair of mad scientists, a member of a side cult that no longer believes in human sacrifice, and the London police who are trying to help.
Sherlock Holmes=1922-03-07=Starring John Barrymore as Holmes and Roland Young as Watson the film was believed lost for decades. Much of the film finally resurfaced in the mid-1970s and was restored by the George Eastman House from rolls of negatives to the extent that it could be printed and screened. The movie features William Powell's first screen appearance.
Jimmy Carr: Funny Business=2016-03-18=British comedian Jimmy Carr unleashes his deadpan delivery and wickedly funny one-liners to a sold-out audience at the UK's Hammersmith Apollo.
Beira-Mar=2015-06-21=A lonely beach on the southernmost coast of Brazil is the scene for two friends, on the brink of adulthood, to explore their understanding of themselves and one another.  Martin (Mateus Almada) has been sent by his father to retrieve what appears to be an inheritance-related document from the family of his recently deceased and estranged grandfather. Tomaz (Mauricio Jose Barcellos) accompanies him, seemingly hoping to regain some of their former closeness. The two boys shelter themselves in a glass house, in front of a cold and stormy sea.
Jud Süß=1940-09-24="In this notorious Nazi propaganda historical costume melodrama, a conniving, ambitious Jewish businessman, Süß Oppenheimer, snares a post as treasurer to the Duke of Wurttemburg by showering the corrupt duke with treasure and promises of even greater riches. As the Jew's schemes grow more elaborate and his actions more brazen, the dukedom nearly erupts into civil war. Persuaded by the Jew, the Duke all but scuttles the constitution and alienates the assembly by lifting the local ban on Jews in Stuttgart. In a final outrage, the Jew rapes a wholesome German girl and tortures her father and fiancée. When the Duke succumbs to a sudden heart attack, the assembly of Elders try the Jew and sentence him to death for having ""carnal knowledge of a Christian woman""."
Waiting for Lightning=2012-12-07=Documentary about the life of skateboarder Danny Way and his attempt at jumping over the Great Wall of China on a skateboard.
섬=2000-04-22=Mute Hee-Jin is working as a clerk in a fishing resort in the Korean wilderness; selling baits, food and occasionally her body to the fishing tourists. One day she falls in love to Hyun-Shik, who is on the run for the police and rescues him with a fish hook, when he tries to commit suicide.
Snijeg=2008-05-20=The daily hardships of a war-scarred Bosnian village, where all that remains are widows and orphans, are painstakingly documented in this first feature from director Aida Begic. Snow offers insight about the psychological aftereffects of the 1992-95 civil war from a distinctively female point of view without showing any of the brutality or carnage.
Colegas=2012-11-07="Colegas (Buddies) is a road movie that shows the simple things in life in a poetic light through the eyes of three young people with Down syndrome, who love movies and work at the video library of the institution where they have always lived in. One day, inspired by the movie ""Thelma &amp; Louise"", they decide to run away using the gardener's old car to have a freedom experience. They travel to uncommon places in search for three simple wishes: Stalone wants to see the sea, Aninha looks for a husband and Marcio needs to fly. During this search, they embark on several adventures as if life was just a children's play"
Delirious=1991-08-09=A soap opera writer gets hit on the head and wakes up as a character in his own show.
The Shrine=2010-10-14=A group of young journalists investigate a cult said to practice human sacrifice, but their ambitious ways may lead them to becoming the cult's next victims.
The Bachelor=1999-11-05=Jimmie is seeing his single friends get married one by one. He isn't too worried until his girlfriend Anne catches the bouquet at his friend Marco's wedding. Suddenly, his wild mustang days are numbered. He finally decides to propose to her, but he sticks his foot in his mouth and botches the proposal. Being insulted by the defeatist proposal, Anne leaves town on an assignment. After she's gone, he finds out that his recently-deceased grandfather's will stipulates that he gets nothing of a multi-million dollar fortune unless he's married by 6:05pm on his 30th birthday: tomorrow! Not being able to find Anne, Jimmie begins backtracking through his past girlfriends to find a wife.
Indie Game: The Movie=2012-05-18="Indie Game: The Movie is a feature documentary about video games, their creators and the craft. The film follows the dramatic journeys of video game developers as they create and release their games to the world. The film tells the emotional story of friends Edmund McMillen &amp; Tommy Refenes, as they craft their first Xbox game: ""Super Meat Boy"". It follows Phil Fish, the creator of the highly-anticipated game: ""FEZ"". After 4 years of working in near solitude, Phil reveals his opus to the public for the first time. And, the film tells the surprising story of one of the highest-rated video games of all time:""Braid"". The film is about making video games, but at its core, it's about the creative process, and exposing yourself through your work. In short: Making fun and games is anything but fun and games."
Gishiki=1971-05-18=Oshima’s magisterial epic, centering on the ambivalent surviving heir of the Sakurada clan, uses ritual and the microcosm of the traditional family to trace the rise and fall of militaristic Japan across several decades.
And Soon the Darkness=1970-09-10=Two young English women go on a cycling tour of the French countryside. When one of them goes missing, the other begins to search for her. But who can she trust?
The Pact=2012-05-25=After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole and Annie reluctantly return to their childhood home to pay their last respects. While staying overnight in the house, the sisters sense a mysterious presence in their midst: noises startling them in the night, objects moving about, a fallen picture of an unknown woman posed next to their mother. Annie begins experiencing a series of intense and disturbing dreams - visions that lead her to uncover something terrible about her mother's past that is finally revealing itself.
Flock of Dodos: The Evolution-Intelligent Design Circus=2006-01-01=Filmmaker and evolutionary biologist Randy Olson tries to figure out if it is the Darwinists or Intelligent Design supporters who will become a flock of dodos.
Prom Night=1980-07-18=This slasher movie follows a relentless killer who is out to avenge the death of a young girl who died after being bullied and teased by four of her classmates. Now high-school students, the guilt-ridden kids have kept their involvement a secret, but when they start being murdered, one by one, it's clear that someone knows the truth. Also coping with the past are members of the dead girl's family, most notably her prom-queen sister, Kim Hammond (Jamie Lee Curtis).
Cheerful Weather for the Wedding=2012-12-07=England, 1932. Today is Dolly Thatcham's wedding day, and her family is arriving at the manor house with all the cheerfulness, chaos and grievances that accompany such gatherings. Trouble soon appears in the shape of Joseph, Dolly's lover from the previous summer, who throws her feelings into turmoil. But Dolly's mother will not allow her carefully laid plans for her daughter's future to be threatened...
Eden Lake=2008-09-12=Eden Lake is a relentlessly tense and immaculately paced horror-thriller about modern youth gone wild. When a young couple goes to a remote wooded lake for a romantic getaway, their quiet weekend is shattered by an aggressive group of local kids. Rowdiness quickly turns to rage as the teens terrorize the couple in unimaginable ways, and a weekend outing becomes a bloody battle for survival.
The Last American Virgin=1982-06-26=The friendship of a group of young friends struggling with teen sex, drugs, and work is jeopardized by a romantic interest which may turn pals into bitter rivals.
The Story of Us=1999-10-13=Ben and Katie Jordan are a married couple who go through hard times in fifteen years of marriage.
Comes a Horseman=1978-10-25=Ella Connors is a single woman who gets pressured to sell her failing cattle farm to her corrupt ex suitor, Jacob Ewing. She asks for help from her neighbor, Frank Athearn. As Ella and Frank fight back through stampedes, jealousy, betrayal, and sabotage...they eventually find love.
Bringing Up Baby=1938-02-18=David Huxley is waiting to get a bone he needs for his museum collection. Through a series of strange circumstances, he meets Susan Vance, and the duo have a series of misadventures which include a leopard called Baby.
The Great Gabbo=1929-09-12=For the ventriloquist Gabbo his wooden dummy Otto is the only means of expression. When he starts relying more and more on Otto, he starts going mad.
Paperback Hero=1999-03-25=Jack Willis is a handsome roadtrain driver with a secret - he has just become a top-selling romance novelist. However, being a 'man's man' in the Australian outlook, to avoid embarrassment, he needs a name, a woman's name - and he chooses that of his best friend, Ruby Vale. He must do some fancy footwork to continue the charade when the glamorous city publisher, Ziggy, arrives in dusty outback Lucktown to sign 'Ruby Vale' to a major book deal. Ruby agrees to help Jack though it's for her own gain as well - the publisher will pay for her coming wedding (with Hamish, Jack's buddy). Accompanied by Jack, Ruby goes to Sydney to meet the media, appear on TV and cocktail parties, etc. Gradually, Jack realizes that he has fallen in love with Ruby, while Ruby is also touched by Jack's novel. However, Hamish arrives in Sydney a few days later and asks both of them to stop all these foolish things
Screamtime=1983-01-01="Compilation of three short horror films: ""That's The Way To Do It"", ""Dreamhouse"" and ""Do You Believe In Fairies?"" plus some new linking material."
Ridicule=1996-05-09=To get royal backing on a needed drainage project, a poor French lord must learn to play the delicate games of wit at court at Versailles.
Kusa-meikyu=1979-01-01=A drama about a young man who is searching for a particular song, or maybe his father, or maybe his true self? He encounters many figures and places, where there are many contrasts: his diligent mother versus a disturbed prostitute, an endless ocean versus an endless desert, a young boy versus a grown man, but also there are lots of balls (that resemble pregnancy stones, some with lots of string around them), a long red string that turns up everywhere (I assume this is a Biblical reference?) and many female, male and childlike figures that begin to haunt the boy/man.
Written on the Wind=1956-12-01=A young woman marries into a corrupt oil family then falls for her husband's best friend.
Mosquita y Mari=2012-08-03=After being assigned as study partners, two Chicana high schoolers find a bond that confuses them at times.
Once Upon a Spy=1980-09-19=Computer genius and chess champion Ted Danson is lured into service by secret agent Eleanor Parker and becomes a reluctant hero thanks to a number of exploits with villainous Christopher Lee and his army of lethal blue-eyed blonde women.
Low & Clear=2012-03-01=A meditation on friendship and life in the disappearing wilderness of the West, 'Low and Clear' follows two formerly close friends who re-unite for one last fly fishing trip. Over the course of their time together they come to understand how much they have each changed and how these changes now threaten the friendship.
Alice Cooper: Welcome to my Nightmare=1975-11-28="A 1975 Alice Cooper concert hosted by Vincent Price, with Alice Cooper's trademark ""horror"" stage act, and performances of some of his hit songs, including ""Only Women Bleed"", ""School's Out"" and ""Steven""."
パラノーマル・アクティビティ 第2章 TOKYO NIGHT=2010-11-20=The unofficial sequel to Oren Peli's Paranormal Activity.
Arvottomat=1982-10-15=A criminal, his friend and his former girlfriend find their lives intertwining with each other.
นางไม้=2009-05-20=An urban husband and wife travel to the jungle and learn just how precious their relationship is.
Zeder=1983-08-25=Stefano, a young journalist, buys a used typewriter and accidentally sees that some text is still readable on the ribbon. He manages to reconstruct the story of a scientist, Paolo Zeder, who in the 1950's discovered that some types of terrain have the power to revive the dead that are buried in them. Stefano's investigations bring him in contact with a group of renegade scientists that are still making experiments to prove Zeder's theories.
The Beaver Trilogy=2000-12-31="The Beaver Trilogy combines three separate vignettes that were filmed at different times, in 1979, 1981, and 1985. The first, entitled The Beaver Kid, is a short documentary about the exploits of ""Groovin' Gary"", a performer that filmmaker Harris happened upon while filming for a Salt Lake City, Utah news station."
Kes=1969-11-18=A young, English working-class boy spends his free time caring for and training his pet falcon.
The Beach=2000-02-11=Twenty-something Richard travels to Thailand and finds himself in possession of a strange map. Rumours state that it leads to a solitary beach paradise, a tropical bliss - excited and intrigued, he sets out to find it.
아카시아=2003-10-17=A Korean horror film about an adopted young boy with a strange link to an old, dead acacia tree. As the boy settles in to his new home, the tree comes to life. When the family who adopted him becomes pregnant, he is to go back to the orphanage, and horror ensues.
Dræberne fra Nibe=2017-01-12=The two tradesmen Ib and Edward are tired of their lifeless marriages and dream of living the good life from the stash of money they've earned moonlighting for years. After a huge fight with their wives the two men get drunk and hire a Russian contract killer to do a hit on their spouses. But they have badly underestimated their wives, and this becomes the start of an absurd journey where Ib and Edward to their own horror end at the top of a kill list.
Big Wednesday=1978-05-26=Three 1960s California surfers fool around, drift apart and reunite years later to ride epic waves.
Koyaanisqatsi=1982-06-06=Takes us to locations all around the US and shows us the heavy toll that modern technology is having on humans and the earth. The visual tone poem contains neither dialogue nor a vocalized narration: its tone is set by the juxtaposition of images and the exceptional music by Philip Glass.
Cell=2016-07-06=When a strange signal pulsates through all cell phone networks worldwide, it starts a murderous epidemic of epic proportions when users become bloodthirsty creatures, and a group of people in New England are among the survivors to deal with the ensuing chaos after.
The Women=2008-09-12=The story centers on a group of gossipy, high-society women who spend their days at the beauty salon and haunting fashion shows. The sweet, happily-wedded Mary Haines finds her marriage in trouble when shop girl Crystal Allen gets her hooks into Mary's man.
Pavilion of Women=2001-03-16=With World War 2 looming, a prominent family in China must confront the contrasting ideas of traditionalism, communism and Western thinking, while dealing with the most important ideal of all: love and its meaning in society.
The Mysterious Lady=1928-08-04=A beautiful Russian spy seduces an Austrian military officer in order to obtain secret plans. When she falls in love with him, both are placed in danger.
The Tender Game=1958-01-01=Inspired by the song Tenderly Jack Lawrence and Walter Gross, a tender animation on a florist and a sweeper that she falls madly in love.
Jannat=2008-01-01=Jannat is the story of a man caught in a quagmire of crime and consumerism as he struggles to find heaven on earth. Arjun is a reckless young man with an obsession for making money at card games. A chance meeting with a girl in a mall, Zoya gives him the reasons he was looking for to move out of his ordinary life. He steps up from playing small-time card games to becoming a bookie.
A Hill in Korea=1956-09-18=Based on real events, A Hill in Korea charts the fortunes of a small group of British soldiers serving in the Korean War. Out on a routine patrol, the soldiers find that Chinese troop movements have cut them off from their own lines. They try to fight their way back to safety but with the enemy surrounding them on all sides, the prospects look bleak. Facing almost insurmountable odds, they decide to stand a fight.
L'arbre et la forêt=2010-02-16=When Frédérick, the patriarch of the Alsatian Muller family, is conspicuously absent from his son Charles' funeral, Frédérick's surviving son and his granddaughter, raw from their loss, await an explanation. Once revealed, Frédérick's reasons and the painful secret Charles harbored for years threaten the foundations of the entire family.
Carmen=1915-10-31=In order to help her smuggler kinsmen, a sultry gypsy seduces and corrupts an officer of the Civil Guard turning him into a traitor and murderer.
The Childhood of a Leader=2016-07-22=This chilling fable about the rise of fascism in the 20th Century tells the story of a young American boy living in France in 1918 whose father is working for the US government on the creation of the Treaty of Versailles. What he witnesses helps to mold his beliefs – and we witness the birth of a terrifying ego.
The Shrink Is In=2001-08-01=A young woman impersonates a shrink to win over her Prince Charming.
Apollo 13=1995-06-30=The true story of technical troubles that scuttle the Apollo 13 lunar mission in 1971, risking the lives of astronaut Jim Lovell and his crew, with the failed journey turning into a thrilling saga of heroism. Drifting more than 200,000 miles from Earth, the astronauts work furiously with the ground crew to avert tragedy.
For Grace=2015-03-13=Curtis Duffy, a teen who fought and stole for the thrill, discovered his place in the kitchen after a home economics teacher nurtured his talents. After an unimaginable tragedy involving his parents, Duffy doubled down on his cooking career. Soon, his intense drive earned him accolades as one of the country's most renowned chefs. But as he began building his dream restaurant in Chicago, called Grace, Duffy found himself in another point of personal crisis: His laser focus cost him his marriage and two young daughters.  For Grace is a documentary about food, family, sacrifice, and the journey from concrete box to opening night of one of the world's most acclaimed restaurants.
Casual Encounters=2016-06-07=When Justin's girlfriend of 5 years leaves him heartbroken and embarrassed after a public breakup, his trying to be helpful but somewhat misguided friends talk him into the strange world of on-line dating.
Broken Horses=2015-03-15=The bonds of brotherhood, the laws of loyalty, and the futility of violence in the shadows of the US Mexico border gang wars.
Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie=2004-08-13=After the conclusion of the Battle City Tournament, deep below the sands of Egypt, an ancient evil has awakened. Anubis, who was defeated centuries ago by Yugi’s mysterious alter ego – the ancient Pharaoh – has returned for revenge. Wielding the power of the Eighth Millennium Item, Anubis is determined to destroy Yugi and take over the world.
Real Women Have Curves=2002-01-01=There's more to Ana Garcia than meets the eye. Should she leave home, go to college and experience life? Or stay home, get married, and keep working in her sister’s struggling garment factory? It may seem like an east decision, but for 18 year-old Ana, every choice she makes this summer will change her life. At home, she is bound to a mother who wants her to become someone she's not. But at school, she's encouraged by a teacher who sees her potential and adored by a boyfriend who loves her for who she is. Right now, Ana may be making clothes for less shapely women. But she's about to discover that real women take chances, have flaws, embrace life, and above all, have curves!
Southern Baptist Sissies=2013-11-18=Southern Baptist Sissies is the live film of the GLAAD Award winning play by Del Shores.  Southern Baptist Sissies is the story of four boys who are gay growing up in the Southern Baptist Church and how they each deal differently with the conflict between the teachings of the church and their sexuality.
The Beat Beneath My Feet=2014-09-25=A teenage boy lives with his single mum in a flat in South London. Into the flat below moves an anti-social, former Rock God who faked his death 8 years ago. The teenage boy works out who the mysterious neighbour is and blackmails him into teaching him the dark arts of Rock Guitar.
He Who Gets Slapped=1924-12-22=Story of an inventor who, suffering betrayal in life, makes a career of it by becoming a clown whose act consists of getting slapped by all the other clowns. He falls in love with another circus performer, and those who betrayed him enter his life yet again.
The Riddle of the Sands=1979-10-02=In the early years of the 20th Century, two British yachtsmen (Michael York and Simon MacCorkindale) stumble upon a German plot to invade the east coast of England in a flotilla of specially designed barges. They set out to thwart this terrible scheme, but must outwit not only the cream of the German Navy, but the feared Kaiser Wilhelm himself.
Hider in the House=1989-05-13=A deranged man hides in the attic of a new house and becomes obsessed with the unsuspecting family that moves in.
La discesa di Aclà a Floristella=1992-09-10="Set in Sicily in the 1930's, Aurelio Grimaldi's feature debut chronicles the harsh story of twelve-year-old boy, Aclà, sold into slavery by his destitute parents to work in the underground Floristella sulfur mines. Overworked and underfed, Aclà toils from Monday to Saturday in the steamy, candle-lit labyrinths. Repeatedly beaten and abused by his ""owner"" and with constant threats of being raped, Aclà plots his escape to the sea... but this leads to dire consequences for the boy and his family."
Trancers=1984-11-07=Angel City trooper Jack Deth is sent back in time from 2247 to 1985 L.A. to inhabit the body of his ancestor. Deth's assignment is to find his archenemy, Whistler, who turns people into zombies, before the fiend is able to kill all the ancestors of the future's governing council.
Amongst White Clouds=2005-01-01=An unforgettable journey into the hidden tradition of China's Buddhist hermit monks. An intimate insider's look at students and masters living in scattered retreats dotting China's Zhongnan Mountain range.
Gente di Roma=2003-10-31=Rome 2003, the camera follows citizens of Rome. Night, in a flat, a woman prepares her husband's lunch. The man takes a bus, but the camera follow another bus ... a woman cleans the mayor's office... A man interviews passengers on a bus about immigration...... the owner of a bar is racist person... a survivor woman of Holocaust remembers the Ghetto deportation... deportation that is filmed by a director... Stefania Sandrelli plays with her grand daughter in a park a man tries to seduce the bus driver...gay night life... sunrise at Piazza Navona, a noble man and a tramp are sitting together. - - - Gente di Roma is a 2003 Italian comedy mockumentary film directed by Ettore Scola. It is close to Federico Fellini's Roma. The film is dedicated to Alberto Sordi, who Scola wanted to close the film, as a noble man, but he could not film him because he died. Scola's daughters helped to co-write the script. (From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia)
Soldier Blue=1970-08-12=After a cavalry group is massacred by the Cheyenne, only two survivors remain: Honus, a naive private devoted to his duty, and Cresta, a young woman who had lived with the Cheyenne two years and whose sympathies lie more with them than with the US government. Together, they must try to reach the cavalry's main base camp. As they travel onward, Honus is torn between his growing affection for Cresta.
Pluto's Blue Note=1947-12-26=Pluto wants to sing along with the birds, bee and cricket, but he is tone deaf.
I Am Jane Doe=2017-02-10=Chronicles the epic battle that several American mothers are waging on behalf of their middle-school daughters, victims of sex-trafficking on Backpage.com, the adult classifieds section that for years was part of the Village Voice.
Waterloo=1970-10-26=After defeating France and imprisoning Napoleon on Elba, ending two decades of war, Europe is shocked to find Napoleon has escaped and has caused the French Army to defect from the King back to him. The best of the British generals, the Duke of Wellington, beat Napolean's best generals in Spain and Portugal, but now must beat Napoleon himself with an Anglo Allied army.
What Dreams May Come=1998-10-02=Chris Neilson dies to find himself in a heaven more amazing than he could have ever dreamed of. There is one thing missing: his wife. After he dies, his wife, Annie killed herself and went to hell. Chris decides to risk eternity in hades for the small chance that he will be able to bring her back to heaven.
A Storm in Summer=2000-02-27=Set in 1969, Abel Shaddick, a crotchety deli owner, has a grudge against virtually everyone in his upstate New York town of Fairview, particularly against his slacker nephew Stanley who lives behind the shop. Without telling his uncle, Stanley agrees to put up a needy city kid for the summer as part of a charity program run by rich debutante Gloria. Abel immediately vetoes the plan, but it is too late. The kid, young Herman Washington, is already on his way...
誰かが私にキスをした=2010-03-27=Diving to save a camera from a fall down a flight of stairs, high school junior Naomi Sukuse wakes with no memory of the last four years. Naomi must remember who she was and figure out who she wants to be in this story of love and second chances.
Louis C.K.: Chewed Up=2008-10-01=Profane, vulgar and obscenely funny, Louis C.K. insists on telling the truth, whether you like it or not! Join the Emmy Award-winning stand-up comic and TV star (Lucky Louie) as he shares his thoughts on the stuff everyone thinks about -- male bodily fluids, the joys of being white, the difference between women and girls -- but never has the nerve to say. It's Louis C.K. at his risk-taking best: fearless, honest and totally outrageous! Nominated for the 2009 Emmy for Outstanding Writing for a Variety, Music or Comedy Special
Az ötödik pecsét=1976-10-07=In Budapest in 1944, a watchmaker, a book seller and a carpenter are drinking in a bar with the owner. They are joined by a stranger who asks a hypothetical question that will change their lives.
Equity=2016-07-29=Senior investment banker Naomi Bishop’s world of high-power big money is brutal and fierce, and one she thrives in. When a controversial IPO threatens the fragile balance of power and confidentiality, Naomi finds herself entangled in a web of politics and deception.
The Frogmen=1951-01-25="The new commander of a Navy Underwater Demolition Team--nicknamed ""Frogmen""--must earn the respect of the men in his unit, who are still grieving over the death of their former commander and resentful of the new one."
The Silencers=1966-02-18=Matt Helm (Dean Martin) is called out of retirement to stop the evil Big O organization who plan to explode an atomic bomb over Alamagordo, NM, and start WW III.
Catacombs=2007-06-01=On her first trip to Paris, a young woman hits a party in the Catacombs, the 200-mile labyrinth of limestone.
Humboldt County=2008-01-01=Peter is a medical student about to graduate and begin his residency. When his professor fails him, he winds up in bed with an actress and singer named Bogart rolling through Los Angeles. He accompanies her to the redwoods of northern California, where he encounters her eccentric family of pot farmers. But when Bogart runs away without a word, Peter is thrust into the picturesque and bizarre world
Learning to Drive=2014-08-21=As her marriage dissolves, a Manhattan writer takes driving lessons from a Sikh instructor with marriage troubles of his own. In each other's company they find the courage to get back on the road and the strength to take the wheel.
Wicked Little Things=2006-01-01=Karen, Sarah, and Emma Tunney are all moving to a small town in Pennsylvania where, unknown to them, in 1913, a horrid mine accident trapped dozens of children alive, underground. But there's a problem. They're still alive.
Billy Liar=1963-06-05=A lazy, irresponsible young clerk in provincial Northern England lives in his own fantasy world and makes emotionally immature decisions as he alienates friends and family
That Thing You Do!=1996-10-04=A Pennsylvania band scores a hit in 1964 and rides the star-making machinery as long as it can, with lots of help from its manager.
The Last Mimzy=2007-02-09=Two siblings begin to develop special talents after they find a mysterious box of toys, and soon their parents and even their teacher are drawn into a strange new world – and find a task ahead of them that is far more important than any of them could imagine.
Knowing=2009-03-19=A teacher opens a time capsule that has been dug up at his son's elementary school; in it are some chilling predictions -- some that have already occurred and others that are about to -- that lead him to believe his family plays a role in the events that are about to unfold.
The Brass Teapot=2012-09-08=When a couple discovers that a brass teapot makes them money whenever they hurt themselves, they must come to terms with how far they are willing to go.
Something Wild=1961-12-23=A young rape victim tries desperately to pick up the pieces of her life, only to find herself at the mercy of a would-be rescuer.
Torrente 4: Lethal crisis=2011-03-11=In Lethal Crisis, the world's most uncouth private eye is framed for a crime he didn't commit in the riotous fourth installment of the Torrente series.
Johnny Handsome=1989-09-12=A career criminal who has been deformed since birth is given a new face by a kindly doctor and paroled from prison. It appears that he has gone straight, but he is really planning his revenge on the man who killed his mentor and sent him to prison.
2つ目の窓=2014-06-01=Taking place during the full-moon night of traditional dances in August and set on the Japanese island of Amami-Oshima, the drama centers on a 14-year-old boy who finds a dead body floating in the sea. The young man enlists the help of his girlfriend to solve the mystery. The pair “will learn to become adults by experiencing the interwoven cycles of life, death and love.
The Dark Tapes=2017-04-17=A genre-defying mixture of horror, sci-fi, myth, mystery and thrills told as four interlocking tales in one intelligent anthology. Ghosts, spirits, creatures, demons and more from the paranormal world collide with rational curiosity.
Virus=1999-01-14=When the crew of an American tugboat boards an abandoned Russian research vessel, the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be destroyed.
31=2016-09-15=ROB ZOMBIE'S  S P O O K  H A U S 31
Charley Varrick=1973-09-19=Charley Varrick robs a bank in a small town with his friends. Instead of obtaining a small amount of money they discover they stole a very large amount of money belonging to the mob. Charley must now come up with a plan to not only evade the police but the mob as well.
Broken Windows=2008-09-26=Four Women, Four Dreams, Four Realities
Тёмный мир: Равновесие=2013-12-05=Every day, they steal your strength, your emotions, your love. We call them the Shadow. Work like us - to deliver them back to the Dark World. Impending disaster, and humanity can be at the mercy of darkness ... And only we can keep the balance
O Homem Que Copiava=2003-06-13=André, 19, lives in Porto Alegre, Brazil, and works as a photocopier operator. He likes to see his neighbor Sílvia with a pair of binoculars. She works selling clothes. Becoming attracted to her, he tries to get nearer, and goes to her shop to buy something, but finds out that he can't afford it. So he puts the photocopier to other uses, and begins to envisage fishy schemes to earn some money.
O erotas tou Odyssea=1984-03-18=Directed by Vasilis Vafeas
Sette volte sette=1968-04-25=A gang of prison inmates escape and rob the Royal Mint. They then sneak back to prison.
Torrente 3: El protector=2005-09-30=A popular and beautiful politician plans to expose the evil-doings of a multinational corporation. Hoping to silence her, the corporation's top executives decide to hire the most incompetent detective they can find to act as her bodyguard.
Mamitas=2012-04-27="A teenager in Echo Park deals with the loss of his mother and his attraction to a girl not considered ""cool"" by his friends."
Falsk som vatten=1985-11-08=John is the owner of a small publishing company. One day John meets the poet Clara and falls in love with her. A movie about jealousy and death.
Tormento=1950-02-11=Anna flees her home, where she has been victimized for years by her spineless father’s mean-spirited second wife, to be with her lover, an honest businessman yet to make his fortune. When he is accused of a murder he didn’t commit, the couple’s domestic tranquillity is upended, and a desperate Anna must rely on her cruel stepmother to help support their child.
Squeeze=1997-06-06="Ty, Hector, and Bao are close friends in a tough section of Boston, where they're called ""the PG-13 crew."" They're 14, decent kids with few skills who've bailed out of school. A small gang of older tough guys, led by Marcus and Tommy, menace them, and when the PG-13s fight back and rob one of the gang, Marcus and Tommy vow to kill them. They seek protection from Derick, a drug dealer, who agrees to help if they'll sell drugs. Meanwhile, Ty is recruited to work at a community center by J.J., its quiet leader. Ty and his friends are in a squeeze: surrounded by violence, drugs, and no opportunities, is there any way out?"
Age of the Dragons=2011-03-21=Age of the Dragons is an adaptation of Herman Melville's classic novel Moby Dick. Set in a medieval realm where Captain Ahab and crew hunt dragons for the vitriol that powers their world, Ishmael, a charismatic harpooner and his friend Queequeg join their quest. Ahab's adopted daughter Rachel, beautiful and tough, runs the hunting vessel. Ahab's obsession to seek revenge on a great White Dragon that slaughtered his family when he was young and left his body scarred and mauled, drives the crew deeper into the heart of darkness. In the White Dragon's lair Ahab's secrets are revealed and Rachel must choose between following him on his dark quest or escaping to a new life with Ishmael.
Sameblod=2017-01-20=Elle Marja, 14, is a reindeer-breeding Sami girl. Exposed to the racism of the 1930s and phrenological examinations at her boarding school, she starts dreaming of another life. To achieve this other life she has to become someone else and break all ties with her family and culture.
Labrador=2011-05-13=A desolate, windswept island. Stella and Oskar, a young couple, visit Stella's father Nathan who lives alone with his labrador. Stella is pregnant and looking forward to having a baby, but Oskar appears to have doubts. When Oskar falls prey to Nathan's provocations and feels bewildered by the relationship between father and daughter, a clash between the two men is inevitable, and Stella is caught in between.
L'insoumis=1964-09-25=In this drama that alludes to the Algerian War with France of the 1960s, Thomas is a deserter from the French Foreign Legion who is on the run from authorities. He helps damsel in distress Dominique, who has been taken hostage by a group of terrorists. Thomas is wounded but manages to escape after killing the guard who inflicted the injury. Dominique gives Thomas money to escape to France after he secures her freedom, but he is caught between the Foreign Legion and the terrorists seeking revenge.
Breaking Up=1997-10-17=An aloof, struggling food photographer thinks he has found true love with a fiery grade-school teacher. At first, the relationship is all wine and roses, but as they realize they have little in common besides great sex, the romance wanes, and they struggle through a succession of break-ups and reunions as they try to work things out.
Συγχαρητήρια Στους Αισιόδοξους?=2012-03-28=Director’s statement: “Electra is in her early 30s, living in Athens today. She is an artist, but she makes a living working as a babysitter. She is an activist and her boyfriend is a political prisoner. She feels lonely and is struggling to find her place in the world. We follow her as she meets the most important people in her life. Through these meetings, we understand better not only Electra, but also a whole generation of young people who feel stifled in this world. Capitalism, consumerism, globalization are currently being cast into doubt, so I needed to make a film that addresses all these things. What I’m interested in is showing how they affect our everyday life, our small decisions, our intimate relationships.”
Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur=1994-11-19="Hercules has settled down with his wife and children, but misses the good old days traveling around having exciting adventures. Then one day he is persuaded out of his farming ""retirement"" to help a distant village which is being attacked by an unseen monster.  ""Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur"" is the fifth out of five made for TV movies that spawned the series ""Hercules: The Legendary Journeys""."
Gladiator 1992=1992-03-06=A story of two teenagers trapped in the world of illegal underground boxing. One is fighting to save his fathers life and using the money pay off gambling debts accumulated by his father. The second is fighting for the money to get out of the ghettos. While being exploited by a boxing promoter the two teens become friends. An explosive ending puts the two friends in the ring against each other.
Dolphin Tale 2=2014-09-12=The team of people who saved Winter's life reassemble in the wake of her surrogate mother's passing in order to find her a companion so she can remain at the Clearwater Marine Hospital.
Life on the Line=2015-11-05=A crew of men who do the high-wire work of fixing the electrical grid are hit by a sudden deadly storm.
Koridorius=1994-12-12=The atmosphere of a corridor between yesterday and tomorrow, where many doors open into the unknown ... A series of faces, gestures and images both real and imagined time.  (A fragmentary narrative without dialogue and depicts several people in Vilnius)
Runt Page=1932-04-11=A kids parody of the Academy nominated movie The Front Page (1931).
Last Night=2010-05-11=The story follows a married couple, apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he's attracted. While he's resisting temptation, his wife encounters her past love.
Ladies vs Ricky Bahl=2011-12-09=Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl movie is a fun-filled rom-com where a smooth and charming conman, Ricky Bahl, cons girls for a living but finally meets his match. Dimple Chaddha, a brash 19 year old Delhi college girl falls in love with Sunny Singh, a fitness trainer. Raina Parulekar, a 28 year old independent and successful corporate woman in Mumbai does business with an art dealer Deven Shah. Saira Rashid, a 24 year old sweet, hard working widow in Lucknow makes a new friend, the shy Iqbal Khan.  Three very different girls who each get taken for a lot of money by each of these three men. The problem is that it is actually just one man - Ricky Bahl who got the looks and he's got the charm. He could have the pick of the ladies. But love isn't Ricky's priority - money is!  But a chance encounter unites the three girls and, discovering the truth, they hatch a plan to get their money back. So now unsuspecting Ricky is about to meet his match in the shapely form of Ishika Desai
Believers=2007-06-11=Two paramedics responding to an emergency call find themselves kidnapped by a religious sect whose great obsession is to stop the end of the world by committing suicide and killing people.
Money as Debt=2006-01-01="Paul Grignon's 47-minute animated presentation of ""Money as Debt"" tells in very simple and effective graphic terms what money is and how it is being created"
Sharpe's Battle=1995-04-19=When Sharpe is ordered to whip the King of Spain's Irish Royal Brigade into shape, he faces dissent from the men who believe the British are slaughtering their relatives in Ireland and a spy from within.
Thomas est amoureux=2000-09-03=Thomas Thomas is agoraphobic, has a computer-generated girlfriend, and hasn't left his home in years. Can a prostitute convince him to leave cyberspace and his home for the real world?
George Carlin: On Location at Phoenix=1978-07-23=Performing at the Celebrity Star Theater in Phoenix on July 23, 1978, Carlin mesmerizes his audience in the second of his 12 HBO specials. The show was originally planned as part of a concert/sketch movie, The Illustrated George Carlin, that never came to fruition.The routines include: Death, Kids &amp; Parents, Newscast #2, Time and Al Sleet, the Hippy-Dippy Weatherman. -- From Amazon.com
Stargate: Continuum=2008-07-29=Ba'al travels back in time and prevents the Stargate program from being started. SG-1 must somehow restore history.
白薔薇学園　そして全員犯された=1982-06-25=Three crazed rapists hijack a school bus and proceed to terrorize and rape all the teachers and students they feel are attractive enough.
Sky West and Crooked=1965-08-31=A young, lonely, mentaly retarded teenage girl finds solace in burying dead animals after the sudden death of a friend of hers.
Ōgon Bat=1966-12-21=A teenage boy discovers that the planet Icarus is on a collision course with Earth by gazing through his telescope. Scoffed at by the scientific establishment, the boy is kidnapped and brought to a secret UN base in the Japan alps. He is immediately inducted into the secret program whose mission is to finish the Super-Destruction Beam cannon and destroy Icarus. The cannon is missing a special mineral for the lens. The team heads for a mysterious island in the middle of the Pacific. There they find ancient ruins of Atlantis but they are suddenly attacked by a strange drill shaped metal squid spaceship. It's commanded by the evil being Nazu who has engineered the collision with Icarus! He doesn't want to share the universe with humans and he really doesn't want the cannon finished. The action is on and the team discovers the Golden Bat who has been asleep for over 10,000 years awaiting this very moment to save the earth!
Kunskapens pris - balladen om den vilsne vandraren=2007-01-27=A singer in a bar full of weird people and mutants sing the story of an abandoned robot that is reactivated hundreds of years after an apocalyptic war. Wandering off searching for his origins, the robot meets characters of the ruined world, mutants, adventurers and common people. Always set to help humanity he makes both friends and enemies. (IMDb)
Arianna=2015-09-24=Arianna is nineteen, but she's still waiting to get her first period. As the summer begins, her parents decide to renew their acquaintance with their country house on Lake Bolsena, where Arianna lived until she was three, and has never been back. As the family settle in for the summer, long-repressed memories start to re-emerge, and Arianna decides to stay on after her parents return to the city.
Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers=1988-03-01="A L.A. Private Eye is hired by a worried mother to find her missing runaway daughter, Samantha. As Private Dick Jack Chandler searches for her whereabouts he will have the misfortune of encountering an evil cult that worships an Egyptian god, the methods of human sacrifice using chainsaws their choice of appeasing their deity. What Chandler learns is that Samantha has revenge in store for ""The Master"" and his bevy of blood-thirsty, chainsaw-wielding hookers."
Живи и помни=2008-06-26=Based on Valentin Rasputin's story of the same title. The winter of 1945. In a village on the Angara embankment the women wait the return of their husbands from the front. The young soldier Andrei Guskov, who fled from the hospital, returns as a deserter. In his remote winter hut only his wife Nastena visits him : she is the only person whom he can trust with his life - of an eternal fugitive doomed to loneliness. Only she loves him. She lives in the present, remembers the past and does not believe in the future. She will have a child, and to the entire village she is an unfaithful wife who did not wait for her husband to return...
Enough Said=2013-09-18=Eva is a divorced soon-to-be empty-nester wondering about her next act. Then she meets Marianne, the embodiment of her perfect self. Armed with a restored outlook on being middle-aged and single, Eva decides to take a chance on her new love interest Albert — a sweet, funny and like-minded man. But things get complicated when Eva discovers that Albert is in fact the dreaded ex–husband of Marianne...
Late Bloomers=2011-07-13=Late Bloomers stars Isabella Rossellini and William Hurt as a married couple pulled apart by the threat of old age. Each reacts in a different way: Hurt’s distinguished architect chases after his glory days, while Rossellini’s housewife installs handrails about the house.
のぼうの城=2012-11-02=In the year 1590, the mighty warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi is close to fulfilling his ambition of unifying all of Japan under his banner when he comes across unexpected resistance in the form of a floating fortress known as Oshi Castle. Narita Nagachika, a frivolous hedonistic fellow and unlikely candidate for the position of rebel general, finds himself in charge of defending the castle. His odds? An army of 500 men to combat Toyotomi Hideyoshi's army of 20,000.
I Am I=2013-04-27="I AM I is the story of a young woman, Rachael, who meets the father she never knew, Gene, at her mother's funeral. She discovers that her father is completely delusional and believes her to be her dead mother. After Rachael visits Gene in an assisted living home, she learns that he suffers from a disease called Korsakov's Syndrome, a form of retrograde amnesia and that her mother had placed him in this facility for treatment a year earlier. He does not remember anything past the age of thirty-three, and believes that he is still a young man. Unable to convince him of who she really is, Rachael decides to go along with her father's delusions by pretending to be her mother and discovers that under this guise, she and Gene can have ""normal"" conversations. Before long, Rachael is visiting Gene everyday, finding new ways to bring elements from his past into their present relationship."
Marvin Hamlisch: What He Did For Love=2013-10-12=When Marvin Hamlisch passed away in August 2012 the worlds of music, theatre and cinema lost a talent the likes of which we may never see again. Seemingly destined for greatness, Hamlisch was accepted into New York’s Juilliard School as a 6-year-old musical prodigy and rapidly developed into a phenomenon. With instantly classic hits ‘The Way We Were’ and ‘Nobody Does It Better’ and scores for Hollywood films such as The Swimmer, The Sting and Sophie’s Choice and the Broadway juggernaut A Chorus Line; Hamlisch became the go-to composer for film and Broadway producers and a prominent presence on the international Concert Hall circuit. His streak was staggering, vast, unprecedented and glorious, by the age of 31 Hamlisch had won 4 Grammys, an Emmy, 3 Oscars, a Tony and a Pulitzer prize: success that burned so bright, it proved impossible to match.
Search Party=2014-10-30=Two oafs must rescue their stranded pal in Mexico.
Qing Cheng=2011-05-09=Shubei town, southeast China, the present day. Five years after he fled with RMB 800,000 from a bank robbery, Liu Chuan returns incognito to the town. Policeman Wang Laoshi, who was on duty at the time of the robbery and was demoted for letting Liu escape, is working in the same district police station to which he was transferred after the robbery and still keeps an eye on Liu. By chance, Liu stays in some small lodgings in Wang's district where Qin Xiaosong, a psychology graduate who's run away from her domineering parents, is staying. Next day, Wang spots Liu in the street and gives chase, finally handcuffing him in a deserted warehouse. At that moment, the town is devastated by an earthquake and the building collapses. Wang is knocked unconscious and Liu steals his uniform. After rescuing Qin, Liu finds himself roped into saving other townspeople and becomes a hero in the locals' eyes. Meanwhile, Wang recovers and sets out to hunt down Liu.
Rage of Angels=1983-02-19=Based on Sidney Sheldon's novel. A young assistant district attorney (Parker) is used by a ruthless attorney (Morell) to get his client off. She is fired and almost disbarred, but fights back to become a top attorney, torn between two lovers: Morell and a married lawyer with political aspirations (Warner).
もののけ姫=1997-07-12=Ashitaka, a prince of the disappearing Ainu tribe, is cursed by a demonized boar god and must journey to the west to find a cure. Along the way, he encounters San, a young human woman fighting to protect the forest, and Lady Eboshi, who is trying to destroy it. Ashitaka must find a way to bring balance to this conflict.
Saphirblau=2014-08-14=Gwen has just discovered, that she's the final member of the secret time-traveling Circle of Twelve. Now she has to juggle with constant trips to the past, her relationships with Gideon and figuring out dark secrets surrounding the Circle.
Josie and the Pussycats=2001-04-06=Josie, Melody and Val are three small-town girl musicians determined to take their rock band out of their garage and straight to the top, while remaining true to their look, style and sound. They get a record deal which brings fame and fortune but soon realize they are pawns of two people who want to control the youth of America. They must clear their names, even if it means losing fame and fortune.
The Game Plan=2007-09-28=Bachelor football star Joe Kingman seems to have it all. He is wealthy and carefree, and his team is on the way to capturing a championship. Suddenly, he is tackled by some unexpected news: He has a young daughter, the result of a last fling with his ex-wife. Joe must learn to balance his personal and professional lives with the needs of his child.
Lethal Weapon 4=1998-07-10=In the combustible action franchise's final installment, maverick detectives Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh square off against Asian mobster Wah Sing Ku, who's up to his neck in slave trading and counterfeit currency. With help from gumshoe Leo Getz and smart-aleck rookie cop Lee Butters, Riggs and Murtaugh aim to take down Ku and his gang.
Vacation=2015-07-28=Hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids, a grown up Rusty Griswold takes his wife and their two sons on a cross-country road trip to the coolest theme park in America, Walley World. Needless to say, things don't go quite as planned.
Incubus=1982-08-27=In the small New England town of Galen, a young teenage boy claims he has dreams of young women being brutally raped and murdered. A doctor and the local sheriff discover that the boy's dreams are real and that a sinister occult might be behind the brutal murders
Indiscreet=1958-06-26=Anna Kalman is an accomplished actress who has given up hope of finding the man of her dreams. She is in the middle of taking off her face cream, while talking about this subject with her sister, when in walks Philip Adams. She loses her concentration for a moment as she realizes that this is the charming, smart, and handsome man she has been waiting for.
Sto Dney Posle Detstva=1975-12-01=A group of Russian teenagers spend their summer at a summer camp. Mitia falls in love and gets so occupied with his own problems that he forgets about everything else.
Giulietta degli spiriti=1965-10-22=Visions, memories, and mysticism all help a 40-something woman to find the strength to leave her cheating husband.
Pink Floyd: The Wall=1982-07-14=A troubled rock star descends into madness in the midst of his physical and social isolation from everyone.
Welcome to Me=2014-09-05=A year in the life of Alice Klieg, a woman with Borderline Personality Disorder who wins Mega-millions, quits her meds and buys her own talk show.
The Wizard of Gore=2007-06-22="In the darkly phantasmagorical world of the carnival magician and sideshow hypnotist, the gruesome ""illusions"" of Montag the Magnificent are unique in that they seem to become retroactive reality long after the the tricks are done. Is it coincidence, or circumstantial evidence of the world's most diabolically ingenious murders? When an underground journalist begins to investigate the strange deaths, the truth proves to be far more bizarre and disturbing than anything he or his readers might have imagined."
Koko Flanel=1990-02-23=Placide's dad tells him on his deathbed he'll haunt Placide if he doesn't find a wife soon. Placide cautiously agrees, but he only wants to settle for a very beautiful woman. That might be easier said than done, since he is a vagabond. When he accidentally enters a photo shoot, Placide meets Sarah. He falls in love, but she is way out of his reach.
Chilly Scenes of Winter=1979-10-19=A man falls for a separated woman but can't cope when she returns to her husband.
The Mob=1951-09-07=An undercover officer (Broderick Crawford) tracks waterfront corruption from California to New Orleans and back.
Phörpa=1999-08-29=While the soccer World Cup is being played in France, two young Tibetan refugees arrive at a monastery/boarding school in exile in India. Its atmosphere of serene contemplation is disrupted by soccer fever, the chief instigator being a young student, the soccer enthusiast Orgyen who desperately seeks a TV to watch the final.
Mystery Street=1950-07-28=When the skeletal remains of a pregnant prostitute turn up on a Massachusetts beach the Barnstable cop Peter Morales (Montalban) teams up with Boston police and uses forensics with the help of Dr. McAdoo, a Harvard doctor (Bennett), to figure out who the woman is. The cop then tries to figure out how she died and, later, who killed her.
In the Time of the Butterflies=2001-10-21=In the Time of the Butterflies is inspired by the true story of the three Mirabal sisters who, in 1960, were murdered for their part in an underground plot to overthrow the government.
鷹爪鐵布衫=1977-06-29=Hwang Jang Lee is a corrupt Ming guard who frames John Liu for murder. A wanted fugitive, John hides out with a teen who is an expert in the infamous Iron Armor technique, a technique that means the expert can withstand anything. However, Hwang is an expert in it as well as the Eagle Claw's. Can John stop Hwang befgore it's too late?
Roja=1992-08-15=Roja lives in a Tamil village, and her sister is about to marry a man from the city, who decides to marry Roja instead and gets a job assignment in Kashmir, where some militants decide to kidnap them.
Death Valley=1982-05-07=A divorced mother, her young son and her new boyfriend set out on a road trip through Death Valley and run afoul of a local serial killer.
Victoria=2016-09-14=Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single, turns up at a wedding and meets three men there: David, the father of her daughters; Vincent, a friend of hers; and Sam, a former drug dealer who she bailed out. The next day, Vincent is accused of attempted murder by his partner.
Don't Say a Word=2001-09-28=When the daughter of a psychiatrist is kidnapped, he's horrified to discover that the abductors' demand is that he break through to a post traumatic stress disorder suffering young woman who knows a secret..
The House of Rothschild=1934-04-07=The story of the rise of the Rothschild financial empire founded by Mayer Rothschild and continued by his five sons. From humble beginnings the business grows and helps to finance the war against Napoleon, but it's not always easy, especially because of the prejudices against Jews.
Firestarter=1984-05-11="As youths, Andy McGee (David Keith) and his future wife, Vicky (Heather Locklear), participated in secret experiments, allowing themselves to be subjected to mysterious medical tests. Years later, the couple's daughter, Charlie (Drew Barrymore), begins to exhibit the ability of setting fires solely with her mind. This volatile talent makes the youngster extremely dangerous and soon she becomes a target for the enigmatic agency known as ""The Shop."""
The Andromeda Strain=2008-05-10=A U.S. satellite crash-lands near a small town in Utah, unleashing a deadly plague that kills virtually everyone except two survivors, who may provide clues to immunizing the population. As the military attempts to quarantine the area, a team of highly specialized scientists is assembled to find a cure and stop the spread of the alien pathogen, code-named Andromeda.
サカサマのパテマ=2013-11-09="In an underground world where tunnels extend everywhere, even though they live in dark and confined spaces, people wear protective clothes and lead quiet and enjoyable lives. Patema, a princess in her underground village, loves to explore the tunnels. Her favorite place is a ""danger zone"" that her village prohibits people from entering. Even though she's scolded, Patema's curiosity can't be held back. No one ever explained what the supposed danger was. On her usual trip to the ""danger zone,"" Patema faces unexpected events. When hidden secrets come to light, the story begins to unfold."
Got the Facts on Milk?=2011-08-30="Got the facts on Milk? (also known as ""The Milk Documentary"" is an entertaining, award winning feature documentary that dares to question the conventional wisdom of the much publicized health benefits of milk and dairy products.  Addressing myth, truth and all in-between, the film is a humorous yet shocking exposition that provokes serious thought about this everyday staple."
फ्रीकी अली=2016-09-09=Freaky Ali is an upcoming 2016 Indian sports rom-com film directed, produced, and written by Sohail Khan, co-produced by Nishant Pitti, with dialogue by Raaj Shaandilyaa and presented by Salman Khan. It is inspired by Adam Sandler's Happy Gilmore (1996) and is scheduled for release on 9 September 2016.
Blue Sky=1994-09-16=Hank Marshall is a tough, square-jawed, straitlaced Army engineer and nuclear science expert, assigned to help conduct weapons-testing in 1950's America. Hank has become a thorn in the side of the Army, though, for a couple of very different reasons. He is an outspoken opponent of atmospheric testing, though his superiors hold contrary views and want to squelch his concerns...and his reports. The other problem is his wife, Carly. She is voluptuous and volatile, wreaking havoc in his personal life and stirring up intrigue at each new Army base.
Always san-chôme no yûh=2005-11-11=Leaving her provincial home, teenage Mutsuko arrives in Tokyo by train to take a job in a major automotive company but finds that she is employed by a small auto repair shop owned by Norifumi Suzuki. Suzuki's hair-trigger temper is held somewhat in check by the motherly instincts of his wife, Tomoe, and his young son Ippei immediately bonds with Mutsuko as if she were his older sister. The Suzuki shop lies almost in the shadow of the Tokyo Tower as it rises steadily above the skyline during construction in 1958.
Cries in the Night=1980-10-03=A young woman arrives at her grandmother's house, which used to be a funeral home, to help her turn the place into a bed-and-breakfast inn. After they open, however, guests begin disappearing or turning up dead.
I Ship It=2014-10-16=After a bad breakup, Zoe Smallman decides to take down her ex-boyfriend in a wizard rock battle of the bands.
Visite sous-marine du Maine=1898-01-01=Divers go to work on a wrecked ship (the battleship Maine that was blown up in Havana harbour during the Spanish-American War), surrounded by curiously disproportionate fish.
Road House=1948-09-22=A night club owner becomes infatuated with a torch singer and frames his best friend/manager for embezzlement when the chanteuse falls in love with him.
Far Out Man=1990-05-11=An aging hippie sets out on a trip across America to find his family.
A Hound for Trouble=1951-04-27="Kicked off the boat in Italy, Charlie forces himself upon a pizzeria owner. Donning his best Italian accent and garb, Charlie sets to work as a waiter, astonishing and horrifying the customers with his barefoot grape-stomping and musical rendition of ""Atsa Matta for You?"""
Up at the Villa=2000-04-14=Superficial people are revealed and drastically changed by circumstance or luck in this a tale of death, seduction, blackmail and theft among British and Americans in Florence in the turbulent days just before World War II.
Burning Down the House=2001-02-07=A down-on-his-luck film director sets fire to his home so he can collect the insurance money and fund his new movie. But crime apparently does pay, because once the rumor mill gets wind of his plans, everyone suddenly wants a slice of his new project's pie.
Trapped in the Closet: Chapters 13-22=2007-08-21=The second half of R. Kelly's unfinished hip hop opera
The Comedian=2013-05-31=Set in the immediate and random background of today’s London. THE COMEDIAN is a fresh, dramatic and funny debut feature about choices and how not to make them.
밀애=2002-11-08=In revenge for her husband's infidelity, a young beautiful housewife, Mi-heun, starts an affair with an attractive young doctor, In-gyu. Despite her husband's efforts to regain her love and the disapproval by the conservative little town, Mi-huen gradually finds happiness and satisfaction in the affair and decides to turn her back on her quiet life.
Anita=1972-12-30=Anita is a girl of only 16 years, and while she has developed early physically, to a mature woman, she is psychologically completly ruthless. Her relationship the her parents and her friends is very poor and she is regarded with contempt by the people around her, even by the men who so ruthlessly use her.
Ring of Darkness=2004-02-28=When the singer of a popular rock band disappears under mysterious circumstances, a contest to find a replacement soon turns from dream-come-true to waking nightmare for the young singer who hopes to take the job.
Milh Hadha al-Bahr=2008-05-16=Born in Brooklyn to Palestinian refugee parents, Soraya (Suheir Hammad) decides to journey to the country of her ancestry when she discovers that her grandfather's savings have been frozen in a Jaffa bank account since his 1948 exile. She soon finds, however, that her simple plan is a complicated undertaking -- and one that takes her farther from her comfort zone (both geographically and emotionally) than she'd imagined in this romantic drama.
A Soldier's Story=1984-09-14=In the towm of Tynen, Louisiana, a black Master Sergeant is found shot to death just outside the local Army Base. A military lawyer, also a black man, is sent from Washington to conduct an investigation. Facing an uncooperative chain of command and fearful black troops, Captain Davenport must battle with deceipt and prejudice in order to find out exactly who really did kill Sergeant Waters.
DEAD OR ALIVE 2　逃亡者=2000-12-02=Two contract killers cross paths in the middle of the same job and realize they are childhood friends. Together they take a break from killing and visit the small island they once called home. After reflecting on their past lives they decided to team up and use their talents in killing for good... much to the upset of the crime syndicates.
Mega Shark vs. Mecha Shark=2014-01-28=When another Mega Shark returns from the depths of the sea, world militaries go on high alert. Ocean traffic grinds to a standstill as everyone lives in fear of the insatiable beast. Out of options, the US government unleashes the top secret Mecha Shark project -- a mechanical shark built to have the same exact characteristics as Mega. A pair of scientists pilot the mechanical creature as they fight Mega in a pitched battle to save the planet. But when faulty mechanics cause the Mecha to go after humans, the scientists must somehow guide Mega to Mecha in hopes that the two titans will kill each other - or risk untold worldwide destruction.
Legion=2010-01-21=When God loses faith in humankind, he sends his legion of angels to bring on the Apocalypse. Humanity's only hope for survival lies in a group of strangers trapped in an out-of-the-way, desert diner with the Archangel Michael.
Hem ljuva hem=2001-03-09=The wife and son of an unemployed, foul-tempered man suffer under ever-worsening domestic violence. One day while his father is taking a nap, the young son decides to take matters into his own hands. In a panic, the wife and son both believe the man is dead and dump him on a roadside. The man survives, however, and returns home weeks later confined to a wheelchair probably for the rest of his life. How will each member in the family cope with this new situation?
蛍火の杜へ=2011-09-17=One hot summer day a little girl gets lost in an enchanted forest of the mountain god where spirits reside. A young boy appears before her, but she cannot touch him for fear of making him disappear. And so a wondrous adventure awaits...
Regarde la Mer=1997-12-03=Sasha, a young British woman, is living with her baby daughter at Ile d'Yeu, a peaceful beach community. A stranger appears. Her name is Tatiana, she's passing through, and pitches her tent in Sasha's yard. The two women build an odd rapport, and tension builds as events unfold.
Cma=1980-10-10=This is psychological drama by Tomasz Zygadlo begins as a straightforward story. Jan (Roman Wilhelmi) is the host of a nightly talk show in which he counsels people who call in with their problems. He is dedicated to helping these lonely souls but becomes increasingly disturbed when his co-workers and supervisors at the radio station do not appreciate his program; they seem unable to grasp the importance of what he is doing. Aside from that, Jan's private life is frayed around the edges. His wife is a heavy drinker and his mistress has no comprehension about who he is or what he is doing. Jan's frustration over this lack of recognition builds to an explosive level, threatening to upset the balance of his daily life.
The Smile Man=2013-06-15=THE SMILE MAN focuses on a gentleman dealing with the consequences of a car accident, which has left him with a spinal injury that means he has a permanent smile on his face.
Kurz und schmerzlos=1998-10-15=Three friends get caught in a life of major crime.
Kentucky Kernels=1934-11-02=The Great Elmer and Company, two out-of-work magicians, help lovelorn Jerry Bronson adopt Spanky Milford, to distract him. When Bronson makes up and elopes, the pair are stuck with the little boy. But Spanky inherits a Kentucky fortune, so they head south to Banesville, where the Milfords and Wakefields are conducting a bitter feud.
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex *But Were Afraid to Ask=1972-08-06=A collection of seven vignettes, which each address a question concerning human sexuality.
Weekend Pass=1984-02-03=Three rookie sailors who have just completed basic training are out on their first weekend pass. As they hit one bar after another, they soon forget everything the Navy ever taught them.
Big Muddy=2014-09-04=Martha Barlow, a modern day outlaw, must reconcile her dark past after her teenage son commits a horrible crime.
Swordfish=2001-06-07=Rogue agent Gabriel Shear is determined to get his mitts on $9 billion stashed in a secret Drug Enforcement Administration account. He wants the cash to fight terrorism, but lacks the computer skills necessary to hack into the government mainframe. Enter Stanley Jobson, a n'er-do-well encryption expert who can log into anything.
The Longest Day=1962-09-25="The retelling of June 6, 1944, from the perspectives of the Germans, US, British, Canadians, and the Free French. Marshall Erwin Rommel, touring the defenses being established as part of the Reich's Atlantic Wall, notes to his officers that when the Allied invasion comes they must be stopped on the beach. ""For the Allies as well as the Germans, it will be the longest day"""
좋아해줘=2016-02-17=A notoriously shrewish TV drama writer and a Korean wave star who fight like cats and dogs every time they meet; a spinster flight attendant landlady and a nosy chef tenant who build a sense of camaraderie; a genius relationship-virgin composer who harbors a secret admiration for a scatterbrained producer. As they crash-land into each other's lives, will there be love?
Thumbtanic=2000-07-07=Short-subject movie parodies with casts completely comprised of the digits. Released in 1999, Thumbtanic gives the thumb-treatment to James Cameron's box-office and Oscar juggernaut Titanic and features the voice talents of Mary Jo Keenan and Mark DeCarlo, among others.
Night Train to Terror=1985-05-01=God and Satan are on a train discussing the fate of three individuals. The stories of the people in question are told in a trio of very strange vignettes. One involves an insane anylum with some very interesting treatment plans. Another involves a 'death club'. The final story shows us the adventures of a server of Satan.
L'Auberge ensorcelée=1897-01-01=A weary traveler stops at an inn along the way to get a good night's sleep, but his rest is interrupted by odd happenings when he gets to his room--beds vanishing and re-appearing, candles exploding, pants flying through the air and his shoes walking away by themselves.
Soldier Girls=1981-09-15=A documentary about women's basic training in Fort Georgia.
Nanga Parbat=2010-01-14=Drama about the tragic Nanga Parbat expedition by the two Messner brothers in 1970, on which Reinhold Messners younger brother Günther died.
Far from the Madding Crowd=1967-01-01=Bathsheba Everdine, a willful, flirtatious, young woman, unexpectedly inherits a large farm and becomes romantically involved with three widely divergent men.
Snitch=2013-02-21=Construction company owner John Matthews learns that his estranged son, Jason, has been arrested for drug trafficking. Facing an unjust prison sentence for a first time offender courtesy of mandatory minimum sentence laws, Jason has nothing to offer for leniency in good conscience. Desperately, John convinces the DEA and the opportunistic DA Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to help make arrests big enough to free his son in return. With the unwitting help of an ex-con employee, John enters the narcotics underworld where every move could be his last in an operation that will demand all his resources, wits and courage to survive.
Jiao tou=1979-06-16=Two rival clans have unsuccessfully tried to hire the master of the good clan to teach his clan. Not willing to take no for an answer, they frame the master for a dirty deed that he didn't commit, which forces him to kill a man in battle. The townspeople attempt to kill him and he is forced to flee to the evil clan.
Where Do We Go from Here?=1945-05-23=Bill wants to join the Army, but he's 4F so he asks a wizard to help him, but the wizard has slight problems with his history knowlege, so he sends Bill everywhere in history, but not to WWII.
Anarchism in America=1983-01-01=A colorful and provocative survey of anarchism in America, the film attempts to dispel popular misconceptions and trace the historical development of the movement. The film explores the movement both as a native American philosophy stemming from 19th century American traditions of individualism, and as a foreign ideology brought to America by immigrants. The film features rare archival footage and interviews with significant personalities in anarchist history including Murray Boochkin and Karl Hess, and also live performance footage of the Dead Kennedys.
The Overnighters=2014-10-10=Desperate, broken men chase their dreams and run from their demons in the North Dakota oil fields. A local Pastor's decision to help them has extraordinary and unexpected consequences.
Betoniyö=2013-11-01=A 14-year-old boy in a stifling Helsinki slum takes some unwise life lessons from his soon-to-be-incarcerated older brother, in Finnish master Pirjo Honkasalo’s gorgeously stylized and emotionally devastating work about what we pass on to younger generations, and the ways we do it.
Tab Hunter Confidential=2015-03-15=In the 1950s, Tab Hunter is America’s Boy Next Door. Nothing, it seems, can damage his skyrocketing career. Nothing, that is, except for the fact that Tab Hunter is secretly gay. Now, Tab Hunter’s secret is out. In TAB HUNTER CONFIDENTIAL we will meet, for the first time, the real Tab Hunter as he shares with us the whole story of a happy, healthy survivor of Hollywood’s roller coaster.
H.M. Pulham, Esq.=1941-12-18=A man who lived his life as he was was told he should, not as he would have chosen to, is brought out of his shell by a beautiful young woman.
Mademoiselle Fifi=1944-01-01=In occupied France during the Franco-Prussian War, a young French laundress shares a coach ride with several of her condescending social superiors. But when a Prussian officer holds the coach over, social standings are leveled and integrity and spirit are put to the test
Dancing at Lughnasa=1998-09-04=Five unmarried sisters make the most of their simple existence in rural Ireland in the 1930s.
Kako je počeo rat na mom otoku=1997-08-31=At the beginning of 1991, Yugoslav army did not acknowledge Croatian's independence, and still holding few military barracks in Croatia. Gajski travels to an island to get his son out of the army. Locals have besieged the barracks and organized a festival to try with singing and recitals to get major Aleksa and his soldiers to surrender, but Aleksa has explosives thru the barracks and wants to blow up the island.
VeggieTales: King George and the Ducky=2000-06-01=King George, unlike most kings, spends most of his time in the bathtub, playing with his favorite toy - a rubber ducky. But George isn't satisfied with just his rubber ducky - he wants all the duckies! The king learns a lesson in humility from his brave soldier Thomas, whose ducky George had stolen. Eventually, George faces his sin and learns that it's always important to share with others.
Executive Action=1973-11-07=Rogue intelligence agents, right-wing politicians, greedy capitalists, and free-lance assassins plot and carry out the JFK assassination in this speculative agitprop.
劇場版 NARUTO 大活劇! 雪姫忍法帖だってばよ!!=2004-08-21=Naruto is thrilled when he is sent on a mission to protect his favorite actress, Yukie Fujikaze, on the set of her new movie, The Adventures of Princess Gale. But when the crew ventures out to film in the icy, foreboding Land of Snow, Yukie mysteriously flees! Naruto and his squad set off to find her... unaware that three Snow Ninja lie in wait, with a sinister purpose that will force Yukie to face her hidden past!
Gosford Park=2001-11-07=Multiple storylined drama set in 1932, showing the lives of upstairs guest and downstairs servants at a party in a country house in England.
The Propaganda Game=2015-10-03=North Korea. The last communist country in the world. Unknown, hermetic and fascinating. Formerly known as “The Hermit Kingdom” for its attempts to remain isolated, North Korea is one of the largest source of instability as regards world peace. It also has the most militarized border in the world, and the flow of impartial information, both going in and out, is practically non-existent. As the recent Sony-leaks has shown, it is the perfect setting for a propaganda war.
La maison sous les arbres=1971-06-09=An industrial-espionage group calls on a retired spy (Frank Langella) living with his wife (Faye Dunaway) and children in Paris. To force him back to his old job, his children will be kidnapped.
Man vs. Snake=2015-09-27=1984. One shiny quarter. 44.5 hours of continuous play. The race to be the first gamer in history to score one BILLION points. Until recently, Timothy McVey (not the terrorist) thought he had — for all these years — held the world record on Nibbler. Note: a Nibbler cabinet will be available in the lobby for the duration of Fantastic Fest for attendees to attempt to break the current world record.
Standard Operating Procedure=2008-02-12=Errol Morris examines the incidents of abuse and torture of suspected terrorists at the hands of U.S. forces at the Abu Ghraib prison.
鋼の錬金術師 嘆きの丘（ミロス）の聖なる星=2011-07-02=After a mysterious prisoner with only a few weeks left on his sentence breaks out of prison in Central City, the Elric brothers attempt to track him down. The search leads them to Table City in the southwestern country of Creta, where Alphonse rescues a young alchemist named Julia from the very man they are trying to capture. In the thick of the fight, they literally tumble into Julia's home turf, the slums of Milos Valley, and are embroiled in the grassroots rebellion of her people.
Wanda Nevada=1979-06-01=In the American Southwest of the 1950s, middle-aged vagabond Beaudray Demerille survives as a cardsharp who moves from town to town. But his latest victory brings him unwanted spoils in the form of Wanda Nevada, a fiery 13-year-old. At first Beaudray does everything he can to ditch Wanda -- until the girl chances upon a treasure map. But Wanda and Beaudray aren't the only ones after the loot, and they must contend with a ruthless pair of crooks.
Le Roi de l'évasion=2009-07-15=Armand, a man who sells farm machines in the country, is a popular middle-aged homosexual. Just as he was getting sick of life, he falls in love with a young girl called, Curlie, and goes on the run from her parents and the police.
Before I Go to Sleep=2014-09-03=A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day, new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her.
Other People=2016-09-09="David, a struggling comedy writer fresh off from breaking up with his boyfriend, moves from New York City to Sacramento to help his sick mother. Living with his conservative father and much-younger sisters for the first time in ten years, he feels like a stranger in his childhood home. As his mother’s health declines, David frantically tries to extract meaning from this horrible experience and convince everyone (including himself) that he's ""doing okay.”"
High School Musical 2=2007-08-17=The East High Wildcats are ready to have the time of their lives. Troy (Zac Efron) is thrilled when he’s offered a job in a country club, but it’s all part of Sharpay’s (Ashley Tisdale) plot to lure him away from Gabriella (Vanessa Hudgens). How will it all turn out? All questions are answered on the night of the club’s Talent Show.
Faustina=1968-10-10=Faustina, the offspring of a black G.I. and a Roman woman who met during the conflict of World War II, must choose between two Italian men who desperately vie for her attention.
The Premonition=1976-05-19=This Thriller/horror movie tells the tale of a young girl who is terrified that her insane mother will take her away from her beloved foster mother. One day, the crazed real mother attempts to contact the girl at school, but her foster mother has a premonition and gets there in time to protect the girl. Eventually though, the real mother and her boy friend, a carnival clown, succeed and takes her away, leaving the bereaved foster parents to enlist the assistance of a parapsychologist to help them interpret the foster mother's terrifying dreams and psychic connection to the girl and find her before it is too late.
黑白戰場=2005-01-01=As befits a full-blooded Jiang Hu (underworld) antic, COTL takes place over the course of a short, frenetic period, feeling to all intents and purposes like one night. It encompasses plenty of gore and cadavers (unless you get the sanitized, inferior mainland version), relying to a large extent on so-called triad codes of honor and organizational culture. At its core resides old boss Dragon Brother, done by Eric Tsang in a repast from his barrage of comical roles and commercial endorsements. The head wants to retire, leading to chaos in gangland as everybody else desires his position and accumulated fortune. Following his fateful announcement, two rival Mafioso's become potential enemies as Dragon Brother and concubine (Suki Kwan) aim to leave Hong Kong in order to start a new life in Europe.
The Land Before Time IV: Journey Through the Mists=1996-12-10="Littlefoot and the gang meet a shy newcomer, Ali, but the pleasantries stop there. There's a dire environmental theme to this third sequel in the series, in which the world's weather changes beyond the Great Valley, and what had been dry land is now a ""land of mists."" The shift brings new creatures who push out older inhabitants, and Littlefoot sees these radical changes for himself when he has to venture into the area to find a medicinal flower for his sick grandfather. While the animation is slow and contained the way direct-to-video cartoon releases often are, the story is sound and the now-familiar characters are memorable."
Missing William=2014-03-07=The story follows Abby, a thirty-something artist living in Rhode Island caring for her husband William after he's tragically injured in a bar fight. As she attempts to coax him back to health, James, her childhood sweetheart and unrequited love, attempts to coax her back into living life again herself. The complicated love triangle that ensues is touching, poignant, and concludes with a realization that's as profound as it is beautiful.
Serenity=2005-08-25=When the renegade crew of Serenity agrees to hide a fugitive on their ship, they find themselves in an action-packed battle between the relentless military might of a totalitarian regime who will destroy anything – or anyone – to get the girl back and the bloodthirsty creatures who roam the uncharted areas of space. But... the greatest danger of all may be on their ship.
Lambada=1990-03-19=Kevin Laird is a Beverly Hills school teacher by day and a mystery man by night. Using his lambada dance moves to first earn the kid's respect and acceptance, Kevin then teaches them academics. But when a jealous student exposes Kevin's double life, his two worlds collide, threatening his job and reputation.
AWOL=2017-05-19=A young woman in the Army must make tough decisions when her love for an older woman causes her to question just where she is going. Adapted from Deb Shoval's 2011 short film of the same name.
Monkey Trouble=1994-03-18=Dodger, a criminal monkey, belongs to a crooked street performer but escapes his life of crime only to end up in the arms of Eva, an innocent little girl whose mother has no idea that her daughter is harboring a fugitive.
Una lunga fila di croci=1969-01-01=Mexican's are being smuggled over the border to work as cheap labour for wealthy land baron Fargo. Hi's gang is made up of known criminals with bounties on their heads, this greatly interests two bounty hunters who may have to team up to achieve their goals.
Maze=2000-10-10=Artist Lyle Maze is reconciled to a life without romance thanks to his dual afflictions: Tourette's Syndrome and obsessive-compulsive disorder. But his life takes an unexpected turn when his friend Mike departs on a humanitarian mission, leaving behind his pregnant girlfriend Callie. She leans on Lyle for help, and before long he's Lamaze coach, pinch-hitting father-to-be and in love with Callie.
Zoo=2007-01-20="Through interviews and recreation, Zoo tells the story of ""zoos,"" or men who ""love"" animals, through a group of men involved in the fatal incident involving man-horse love."
Intermission=2003-08-29=A raucous story of the interweaving lives and loves of small-town delinquents, shady cops, pretty good girls and very bad boys. With Irish guts and grit, lives collide, preconceptions shatter and romance is tested to the extreme. An ill-timed and poorly executed couple's break-up sets off a chain of events affecting everyone in town.
The Dead Will Tell=2004-10-24=Emily Parker is haunted by visions of a woman from the past soon after receiving an antique engagement ring from her fiancé.
Cool Cat Saves the Kids=2015-02-01=Cool Cat is the coolest cat in town. All the kids love him. Except for the bully Butch, who hates Cool Cat for his coolness. He terrorizes Cool Cat, his friends and family with threats, taunting, and the internet. Can Cool Cat face his fears and defeat the bully Derrick.
Reign of Fire=2002-07-12=In post-apocalyptic England, an American volunteer and a British survivor team up to fight off a brood of fire-breathing dragons seeking to return to global dominance after centuries of rest underground. The Brit -- leading a clan of survivors to hunt down the King of the Dragons -- has much at stake: His mother was killed by a dragon, but his love is still alive.
Johan Falk: Kodnamn Lisa=2013-03-15=Five men break into Frank Wagner's apartment. Frank is able to escape and seeks out the help of Johan Falk. Has someone leaked that Frank is working with the police? Frank and John do not know who knows what and who they can trust.
Guardie e ladri=1951-11-29=Esposito is a thief who cons tourists in Rome. A lengthy persecution by police Bottoni, who manages to catch it starts. In an oversight Esposito manages to flee again. Bottoni superiors inform him that if no catches him will lose his job.
Léolo=1992-09-16=The story of an imaginative boy who pretends he is the child of a sperm-laden Sicilian tomato upon which his mother accidentally fell.
The Great Garrick=1937-10-30=A British actor insults a French acting group only to fall victim to a prank that might destroy his career.
The Ghost and Mrs. Muir=1947-06-26=In 1900, strong-willed widow Lucy Muir goes to live in Gull Cottage by the British seaside, even though it appears to be haunted. Sure enough, that very night she meets the ghost of crusty former owner Captain Gregg...and refuses to be scared off. Indeed, they become friends and allies, after Lucy gets used to the idea of a man's ghost haunting her bedroom. But when a charming live man comes courting, Lucy and the captain must deal with their feelings for each other.
Charlie Chan in Honolulu=1938-12-30=While Charlie is distracted with the birth of his first grandchild, son Jimmy impersonates his father in order to investigate a murder aboard a freighter in the harbor.
The Reagan Show=2017-04-22=Comprised entirely of archival footage taken during those pre-reality-television years, The Reagan Show looks at how Ronald Reagan redefined the look and feel of what it means to be the POTUS.
Carry On Spying=1964-06-01=Carry On favourite Barbara Windsor makes her debut in this outrageous send-up of the James Bond movies. Fearless agent Desmond Simpkins and James Bind, aided and abetted by the comely Agent Honeybutt and Agent Crump, battle against the evil powers of international bad guys STENCH and their three cronies.
The Last Time I Saw Archie=1961-05-27=Two Air Force friends have fun during their enlistment.
Air Bud: Golden Receiver=1998-08-14=Josh and Buddy move from basketball to American football in this first of several sequels to the original Air Bud.
The Spirit=2008-12-25=Down these mean streets a man must come. A hero born, murdered, and born again. When a Rookie cop named Denny Colt returns from the beyond as The Spirit, a hero whose mission is to fight against the bad forces from the shadows of Central City, the Octopus who kills anyone unfortunate enough to see his face who has other plans. He's going to wipe out the entire city.
Félix et Lola=2001-03-07=Félix, operator of dodgem cars in a fairground, becomes obsessed by one of his customers, a mysterious young woman named Lola. Félix soon discovers that Lola is running away from her former boyfriend, a singer who continues to taunt her. Lola asks Félix to prove his love for her by murdering a man he does not know...
Last Stand at Saber River=1997-01-19=As America recovers from the Civil War, one man tries to put the pieces of his life back together but finds himself fighting a new battle on the frontier. Cable is an embittered Confederate soldier who returns from the war to reclaim his Arizona homestead from rebel pioneers who sympathize with the Union war effort.
Puppet Master vs Demonic Toys=2004-12-18=A group of toymakers seek to use Andre Toulon's formula, now in the hands of Toulon's great-nephew Robert, to give life to a line of killer toys that they plan to unleash on Christmas Eve.
Reform School Girls=1986-08-22=Jenny is sent to a women's reform school. It is run by evil warden Sutter and her henchwoman Edna. Jenny will stop at nothing to escape but she also has to deal with Charlie the bully.
Pecker=1998-09-16="A Baltimore sandwich shop employee becomes an overnight sensation when photographs he's taken of his weird family become the latest rage in the art world. The young man is called ""Pecker"" because he pecks at his food like a bird."
Peluca=2003-01-20=The short film which Napoleon Dynamite was based off of shows a day in the life of Seth, super nerd extraordinaire; rocking the megalopolis of Preston, Idaho, and soon the world, with his illegal ninja moves and his sweet fanny pack. GOSH!
El nido vacío=2008-04-24=Empty Nest tells the story of a couple who have to struggle to find themselves after their children grow up and move out. It starts out as a fairly simple story of a couple but becomes complicated by a series of events that may or may not be occurring only in Leonardo’s mind.
Jestem Mordercą=2016-11-04=Inspired by true events from the 1970s, the story revolves around a young detective who becomes the head of a police unit focused on catching a rampant serial killer of women, nicknamed 'The Silesian Vampire'.
The Secret Six=1931-04-18=Bootlegger/cafe owner, Johnny Franks  recruits crude working man Scorpio to join his gang, masterminded by crooked criminal defense lawyer Newton. Scorpio eventually takes over Frank's operation, beats a rival gang, becomes wealthy and dominates the city for several years until a secret group of 6 masked businessmen have him prosecuted and sent to the electric chair.
Children of God: Lost and Found=2007-01-01=A first-person account of growing up in an evangelical Christian cult.
Walk Don't Run=1966-01-01="British industrialist Sir William Rutland - ""Bill"" to his friends - is in Tokyo on a business trip during the time of the Summer Olympic Games there in 1964. Having actually arrived in Tokyo two days before his original planned arrival, he has problems finding a hotel room because of the Olympics. Spotting an ad posted on a British Embassy message board of a room available to sublet, Bill is able to wrangle his way into the apartment of Christine Easton, who is renting out the sitting room of her one-bedroom apartment as a bedroom for the duration of the Olympics. Bill's short-term living situation in Christine's sitting room is despite her solely wanting a female roommate."
Beer for My Horses=2008-08-08="""Beer for My Horses"" tells the story of two best friends that work together as deputies in a small town. The two defy the Sheriff and head off on an outrageous road trip to save the protagonist's girlfriend from drug lord kidnappers."
Metropolitan=1990-08-03=A sparkling comedic chronicle of a middle-class young man’s romantic misadventures among New York City’s debutante society. Stillman’s deft, literate dialogue and hilariously highbrow observations earned this debut film an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay. Alongside the wit and sophistication, though, lies a tender tale of adolescent anxiety.
Hard Contract=1969-04-30=A cold hearted American hit man goes to Europe for 'one last score'. His encounter with a beautiful young woman casts self doubt on his lifeblood, and influences him to resist carrying out the contract
The Astronaut Farmer=2006-10-15=Texan Charles Farmer left the Air Force as a young man to save the family ranch when his dad died. Like most American ranchers, he owes his bank. Unlike most, he's an astrophysicist with a rocket in his barn - one he's built and wants to take into space. It's his dream. The FBI puts him under surveillance when he tries to buy rocket fuel, and the FAA stalls him when he files a flight plan – but Charles is undeterred.
Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo=2006-09-15=America's coolest heroes, the Teen Titans, go to Tokyo to track down the mysterious Japanese criminal Brushogun.
Il cappotto=1952-10-03="The classic Nicolas Gogal fable The Overcoat is given a European flavor by Italian filmmaker Alberto Lattuada; some consider the film to be Lattuada's best ""psychological study."" Comedian Renato Rascel plays a nebbishy nobody who spends his life-savings on a fancy overcoat. Suddenly, the nobody becomes a somebody, proving beyond doubt that clothes make the man. And then one day, the overcoat is stolen...Fleshing out the short-but-bittersweet Gogol original are several colorful new characters, including a publicity-hungry small-town mayor, played by Giulio Stival. The background music was composed by director Lattuada's wife Felice. American prints of Il Cappato are missing a so-called ""naughty"" telephone exchange between the mayor and his silken mistress."
Breaking Upwards=2009-03-14='Breaking Upwards' explores a young, real-life New York couple who, four years in and battling codependency, decide to intricately strategize their own break up. Based on an actual experiment devised by director/actor Daryl Wein and actress Zoe Lister-Jones, the film loosely interprets a year in their lives exploring alternatives to monogamy, and the madness that ensues. An uncensored look at young love, lust, and the pangs of codependency, 'Breaking Upwards' follows its characters as they navigate each others' emotions across the city they love. It begs the question: is it ever possible to grow apart together?
Invitation to Happiness=1939-06-07=An egotistical boxer romances a rich backer's daughter.
Nömadak Tx=2006-01-01=Nömadak Tx is a road movie documentary of Igor Otxoa and Harkaitz Mtnez. de San Vicente of the Basque Country in Spain who take their ancient Txalaparta percussion instrument to native peoples in India, the Arctic Circle, Mongolia, Algeria, and the Saharan Desert.
Mr. Bug Goes to Town=1941-12-09=The happy tranquility of Buggsville is shattered when the populace learns that a colossal skyscraper is to be built over their tiny town.
Emitaï=1971-07-20=As World War II is going on in Europe, a conflict arises between the French and the Diola-speaking tribe of Africa, prompting the village women to organize their men to sit beneath a tree to pray.
June Bride=1948-10-29=A magazine's staff, including bickering ex-lovers Linda and Carey, cover an Indiana wedding, which goes slightly wrong...
Fantastic Lies=2016-03-13=“Fantastic Lies” returns to the night of March 13, 2006, when Duke University lacrosse players threw a team party that ended up changing lives, ruining careers, tarnishing a university’s reputation and even jeopardizing the future of the sport at the school. The story ignited what became a national firestorm and resulted in a highly-charged legal investigation. Usually confined to the sports section, lacrosse suddenly appeared on the front pages of newspapers because of the lurid details of the case and the hot buttons that it pushed: sex, race, class, violence.
Body Melt=1994-10-28=Residents of peaceful Pebbles Court, Homesville, are being used unknowingly as test experiments for a new 'Body Drug' that causes rapid body decomposition (melting skin etc.) and painful death.
Goal! II: Living the Dream=2007-02-09=Tempted away from Newcastle United to join Real Madrid, rising star Santiago Munez finds this latest change of fortune the greatest challenge yet - personally as well as professionally. He is reunited with Gavin Harris, though they must compete to be on the team, and estranged from fiancee Roz, whose nursing career keeps her back home.
Varannan vecka=2006-01-13=Pontus is divorced and has custody of his children every other week while living life as a bachelor the rest of the time. His older brother, Jens, is married since 20 years and has three children. When Jens' marriage collapses, he moves in with his younger brother - a move which will change both of their lives radically.
Shinjû: Ten no amijima=1969-05-24=Set in Osaka in the 18th century, the film centers on the doomed romance between Jihei (Kichiemon Nakamura), a down and out married paper merchant passionately in love with doe-eyed courtesan Koharu (Shima Iwashita), whom he cannot afford to buy out of servitude. Koharu herself has also fallen in love with Jihei; she even starts turning away other patrons to be with him. Their love is further imperiled by Tahei (Hosei Komatsu), a rich, obnoxious merchant who flaunts his ability to buy Koharu's indenture. Suicide is the only way for the two to be together.
Packed In A Trunk: The Lost Art of Edith Lake Wilkinson=2015-07-20=The story of artist Edith Lake Wilkinson, a painter who was committed to an asylum in 1924 and never heard from again. All her worldly possessions were packed into trunks and shipped to a relative in West Virginia where they sat in an attic for 40 years. Edith's great-niece, Emmy Award winning writer and director Jane Anderson, grew up surrounded by Edith's paintings, thanks to her mother who had gone poking through that dusty attic and rescued Edith's work. The film follows Jane in her decades-long journey to find the answers to the mystery of Edith's buried life, return the work to Provincetown and have Edith's contributions recognized by the larger art world.
Das Goebbels-Experiment=2005-04-13=The Nazi propaganda mastermind behind Hitler speaks in first person as actor Kenneth Branagh reads pages of the diary kept by the chief of propaganda, Joseph Goebbels, revealing the man's most inner thoughts.
戦場のメリークリスマス=1983-05-23=In 1942, British soldier Jack Celliers comes to a japanese prison camp. The camp is run by Yonoi, who has a firm belief in discipline, honour and glory. In his view, the allied prisoners are cowards when they chose to surrender instead of commiting suicide. One of the prisoners, interpreter John Lawrence, tries to explain the japanese way of thinking, but is considered a traitor.
Chronically Metropolitan=2017-08-04=A cynical and clever coming of age film about first time novelist Fenton Dillane, who, unannounced returns to New York City to confront his family, his ex- girlfriend and a few lingering childhood fears.
Quantum of Solace=2008-10-30=Quantum of Solace continues the adventures of James Bond after Casino Royale. Betrayed by Vesper, the woman he loved, 007 fights the urge to make his latest mission personal. Pursuing his determination to uncover the truth, Bond and M interrogate Mr. White, who reveals that the organization that blackmailed Vesper is far more complex and dangerous than anyone had imagined.
Wavelength=1967-01-01=Wavelength consists of almost no action, and what action does occur is largely elided. If the film could be said to have a conventional plot, this would presumably refer to the three “character” scenes. Snow’s intent for the film was “a summation of my nervous system, religious inklings and aesthetic ideas,” he said of the 45-minute-long zoom that incorporates in its time frame four human events, including a man’s death. In the first scene two people enter a room, chat briefly, and listen to “Strawberry Fields Forever” on the radio. Later, a man (played by filmmaker Hollis Frampton) enters inexplicably and dies on the floor. And last, the female owner of the apartment is heard and seen on the phone, speaking, with strange calm, about the dead man in her apartment whom she has never seen before.
Montevideo, vidimo se!=2014-01-15=A football team from Belgrade, former Republic of Yugoslavia gets a chance to go to the First World Football Championship, but things get complicated along the way.
Nome Próprio=2008-07-18="Camila is in her mid-twenties and her life has been thrown into chaos ever since her boyfriend threw her out of their apartment during a bitter argument. Camila's ambition is to become a writer, and she posts regularly on her blog, entitled ""Camila Jam."" However, Camila wants to take her work into a different direction, and she throws herself head first into life in search of inspiration. As Camila struggles with alcohol, unsettled emotions and relationships with abusive men, it becomes increasingly obvious that her skills as a writer aren't all she needs to sort out if she wants to truly understand her life and her career."
Lucky Number Slevin=2006-02-24=Slevin is mistakenly put in the middle of a personal war between the city’s biggest criminal bosses. Under constant watch, Slevin must try not to get killed by an infamous assassin and come up with an idea of how to get out of his current dilemma. A film with many twists and turns.
Forces of Nature=1999-03-12=Ben Holmes, a professional book-jacket blurbologist, is trying to get to Savannah for his wedding. He just barely catches the last plane, but a seagull flies into the engine as the plane is taking off. All later flights are cancelled because of an approaching hurricane, so he is forced to hitch a ride in a Geo Metro with an attractive but eccentric woman named Sara.
Trial by Jury=1994-09-09=Valerie is a juror in the trail of a mob boss. When her young son's life is threatened, she has no option other than to see that justice isn't done.
Better This World=2011-04-23=Set amid arrests and subsequent trials surrounding the 2008 Republican National Convention, this portrait of two young activists caught in the web of an opportunistic mentor and a desperate justice system poignantly describes both the problems of power and the power of forgiveness and love.
Exorcist II: The Heretic=1977-06-17=Bizarre nightmares plague Regan MacNeil four years after her possession and exorcism. Has the demon returned? And if so, can the combined faith and knowledge of a Vatican investigator and a hypnotic research specialist free her from its grasp?
Liliya Belgii=1915-10-10=When a young girl finds a beautiful dead lily in the woods, she asks her grandfather to tell her about it. The lily stands in splendour beside a stream, admired by the creatures of the woods. But an army of beetles, bent on conquering new territories, wants to cross the stream - and the lily is blocking their way. An unashamed allegory of the German rape of Belgium.
Una pistola per Ringo=1965-05-12=Giuliano Gemma stars as a cool, cocky mercenary enlisted by a sheriff to infiltrate a ruthless gang of outlaws. Ennio Morricone provided the score to this early spaghetti western hit.
A Dandy in Aspic=1968-04-02=Double-agent Alexander Eberlin is assigned by the British to hunt out a Russian spy, known to them as Krasnevin. Only Eberlin knows that Krasnevin is none other than himself! Accompanying him on his mission is a ruthless partner, who gradually discovers his secret as Eberlin tries to maneuver himself out of a desperate situation.
My Prairie Home=2013-11-29=A true Canadian iconoclast, acclaimed transgender country/electro-pop artist Rae Spoon revisits the stretches of rural Alberta that once constituted “home” and confronts memories of growing up queer in an abusive, evangelical household.
Paths of Hate=2011-03-27=A short tale about the demons that slumber deep in the human soul and have the power to push people into the abyss of blind hate, fury and rage.
Ballet Shoes=2008-08-26=An unusual explorer named Gum and his kindly niece adopt three orphans -- Pauline, Petrova and Posy -- and raise them as sisters in 1930s London. But the girls must fend for themselves when Gum doesn't return from one of his adventures. Together, they nurture their passions for acting, aviation and ballet in this charming TV adaptation of Noel Streatfield's novel.
Série noire=1979-04-25=Franck Poupart is a slightly neurotic door-to-door salesman in a sinister part of Paris' suburbs. He meets Mona, a teenager, who's been made a prostitute by her own aunt. Franck would like to change his life and also save Mona from her aunt. Murder is the only solution he finds to achieve his goal... A very gloomy movie, exuding dispair and uneasiness, with pathetic characters.
Do Detectives Think?=1927-11-20=An escaped convict is out to kill the judge who sentenced him. Two inept detectives are hired to guard the judge.
同級生=2016-02-20=The story begins during music class before the chorus festival, when male student Kusakabe Hikaru notices that the bespectacled honor student Sajou Rihito is not singing.  Although he thinks that Rihito just doesn't like singing, he finds him practicing alone in the classroom after school. Without even thinking, Hikaru calls out to him.
Freejack=1992-01-17=Time-traveling bounty hunters find a doomed race-car driver in the past and bring him to 2009 New York, where his mind will be replaced with that of a terminally ill billionaire.
Det som ingen ved=2008-02-11=When Thomas´ sister dies in an accident, he discovers that her death may be connected to their deceased father´s work in military intelligence. As Thomas embarks on an investigation he soon finds himself and his family under surveillance by an unknown group of people.
Nous York=2012-11-06=Thirty-somethings Michaël, Nabil and Sylvain head to New York to surprise their friend Samia on her birthday, secretly arranged with the help of another friend, Gabrielle. The two women had moved to NYC two years previously to try their luck. Samia shares a fabulous loft with a renowned American actress and works as her assistant. Gabrielle has a more mundane job in a small retirement home. Transposed to New York, the close bonds formed over the years between the five friends from a housing project on the outskirts of Paris take on a different aspect. The laughter and emotion is dictated by the adventures they share during their stay, from the daily lives of the women to the discovery of this cult city.
飢餓海峡=1965-01-15=Three robbers escape with loot from a heist before one of them shoots them; their corpses wash up near the aftermath of a maritime calamity, provoking a policeman's interest.
Planes, Trains and Automobiles=1987-11-26=A man must struggle to travel home for Thanksgiving, with an obnoxious slob of a shower ring salesman his only companion.
First Flight=2006-03-12=The story of a fastidiously organized businessman, whose perspective on life is forever changed through an unexpected encounter with a tiny fledgling bird.
In weiter Ferne, so nah!=1993-09-09="The film opens with the angel Cassiel (Otto Sander) standing on the statue of the Angel of Victory overlooking post-Cold War Berlin. Growing ever more despondent over his fate as a mere observer of human life, rather than a vital part of it, Cassiel dreams of ""crossing over"" to the human world.And he does, as Karl Engel, a man who perhaps knows too much, perhaps like in many of Hitchcock's films, some harmless citizen who gets involved in an affair to which he is not up to. In fact, there is no one as kind and harmless as this newborn citizen of the Earth.We will follow Cassiels's adventures into a ""thriller."" This story which gets mangled with his own life is about weapons, more precisely about a weapon deal where the weapons - or INSTRUMENTS of violence -- are traded for IMAGES of violence.(Text from Wim Wenders site)"
Gde Nakhoditsya Nofelet?=1987-06-06="Pasha is a very shy and quiet person. He is almost 40 but is not married yet and cannot even find courage to ask a woman for a date. His best friend Gena on the contrary is a womanizer. His favorite pick up scheme is to ask a woman on the street ""Where's the nearest nofelet?"" He promised Pasha's parents to find a girlfriend for him but among dozens of women he successfully picks up not a single one is a perfect match for Pasha."
Przypadek=1987-01-10=Witek runs after a train. Three variations follow on how such a seemingly banal incident could influence the rest of Witek's life.
Extralarge: Black Magic=1992-11-22=Elizabeth is in a car with her boyfriend when suddenly she feels a pain in the stomach so strong she seizes a knife and stabs herself to death. Her boyfriend is charged with her murder and Dumas is present at his trial and he is struck by the boy's story. In the meantime Extralarge gets the task to find Kathy, the missing step-daughter of Laureen. Her father is dying of an unheard of disease and he desires to see her. The two girls were friends and a shade of Black Magic overhangs on them and their families.
Backfire=1950-02-11=When he's discharged from a military hospital, ex-GI Bob Corey (Gordon MacRae) goes on a search for his army buddy Steve Connolly (Edmond O'Brien). A reformed crook, Connolly is on the lam from a trumped-up murder rap, and Corey hopes to clear his pal. Tagging along is Army nurse Julie Benson (Virginia Mayo), who has fallen for Corey.
Tishe!=2003-10-01=A Russian director films the road works in front of his house for the period of a year. But the challenge to fix a pothole seems to be impossible.
Lazer Team=2016-01-27=In the late 1970's, the SETI project received a one time signal from outer space. It looked exactly as theorists thought a communication from an alien civilization would -- unfortunately it has never been decoded. Or so we were told. Unbeknownst to the general public the signal was translated and told us two things:  1) We are not alone.  2) The galaxy is a dangerous place.
The Merry Widow=1925-08-26=Prince Danilo falls in love with dancer Sally O'Hara. His uncle, King Nikita I of Monteblanco forbids the marriage because she is a commoner. Thinking she has been jilted by her prince, Sally marries old, lecherous Baron Sadoja, whose wealth has kept the kingdom afloat. When he dies suddenly, Sally must be wooed all over again by Danilo.
Vincere=2009-05-19=The story of the descent into madness of Mussolini's secret first wife, Ida Dasler, who was seduced by his passion and vigour but blind to the fascist dictator's many flaws. A historical drama with the passion, lyricism and tragedy of a classical Italian opera. Nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
Blinky™=2011-03-21=A story about a boy, his robot and the consequences of his anger at the disintegration of his parents marriage.
Paradise Lost 2: Revelations=2000-07-28=Paradise Lost 2: Revelations revisits the 1994 Arkansas murder of three 8-year-old boys and the three teenagers convicted of the crime. A follow up to Paradise Lost, Revelations features new interviews with the convicted men, as well as with the original judge and police investigators.
Transformers Prime Beast Hunters: Predacons Rising=2013-10-04=A resurrected Unicron has taken over the now-lifeless body of Megatron to seek vengeance on the Autobots and ultimately, the destruction of Cybertron.
Bicchoo=2000-07-06=Jeeva is a small-time criminal leading the life of a nonentity. ...
The Who: Thirty Years of Maximum R&B=1994-08-15=A celebration of 30 years of The Who.
The Skulls=2000-03-31=Luke's exultance at being selected for The Skulls (a secret society bred within the walls of a prominent Ivy League Campus) is soon overshadowed when he realises that all is 'not well in Wonderland'. For The Skulls is a breeding ground for the future powerful and elite. It's not only a far cry from his working class background, but it also hallows its own deep and dark secrets.
Slap Her... She's French=2002-06-13=Welcome to Splendona High School, Texas, where football players, cheerleaders and beauty queens rule the hallways. And Starla Grady, the most popular girl in school, is on top of it all. That is, at least until Genevieve LePlouff, a French foreign exchange student arrives and turns her life upside down.
Who the F**K Is Arthur Fogel=2013-03-22=A look at the high-octane global live music industry and the quiet man at its center, featuring interviews, performances and appearances by a who's who of stars and insiders; with U2, Madonna, The Police, Lady Gaga, Rush and more.
Tanu Weds Manu Returns=2015-05-22=The film is a sequel to Tanu Weds Manu (2011), in which stars Kangana Ranaut (Tanu) and R. Madhavan (Manu) reprise their roles from the original. Tanu and Manu's marriage collapses. What happens when Manu meets Tanu's lookalike Kusum - and when Tanu returns? Kangana Ranaut also portrays the additional role of a Haryanvi athlete Kusum in the film.
Human Desire=1954-08-05=Jeff Warren, a Korean War vet just returning to his railroad engineer's job, boards at the home of co-worker Alec Simmons and is charmed by Alec's beautiful daughter. He becomes attracted immediately to Vicki Buckley, the sultry wife of brutish railroad supervisor Carl Buckley, an alcoholic wife beater with a hair trigger temper and penchant for explosive violence. Jeff becomes reluctantly drawn into a sordid affair by the compulsively seductive Vicki. After Buckley is fired for insubordination, he begs her to intercede on his behalf with John Owens, a rich and powerful businessman whose influence can get him reinstated.
Mr. Lucky=1943-05-28=A conman poses as a war relief fundraiser, but when he falls for a charity worker, his conscience begins to trouble him.
Kaaka Muttai=2015-06-05=Two slum kids yearn to taste a pizza after being enticed by the pizza shop that has opened near their locality. What happens when they mange to find the money to buy one?
Paradise Alley=1978-09-22=Sylvester Stallone is fighting the odds again, this time in the wrestling ring. As Cosmo Carboni, he and his two brothers dream of getting out of Hell's Kitchen (circa 1946) and into the big time. The exit signs point to Paradise Alley, a sleazy private club where the floorshow consists of raucous wrestling matches with big purses. Stallone not only starred in and wrote this action-packed film, he also made his directorial debut in this tale of three guys who could take anything Hell's Kitchen could dish out.
Histórias que só Existem Quando Lembradas=2011-09-02=Each citizen of Jotuomba plays an integral role in village life. Madalena is responsible for baking bread; each morning she stacks her rolls as Antonio prepares the coffee. The two share a morning ritual of arguments and insults, followed by an amicable cup of coffee on the bench outside Antonio's shop. At midday the church bells ring, summoning the villagers to mass. In the early evening, they all share a meal together. And so life proceeds in Jotuomba, the days languidly drifting into one another; the only variations seem to be in the weather. But, one day Rita arrives looking for a place to stay.
Club Fed=1990-08-09=A powerful gangster is murdered. However, All of his holdings were in his girlfriend's name. So she is charged and sent to a minimum-security prison, where all of the prisoners are filthy rich. There she meets and falls in love with an undercover FBI agent.
Getting Straight=1970-05-13=Graduate student Harry Bailey was once one of the most visible undergraduate activists on campus, but now that he's back studying for his master's, he's trying to fly right. Trouble is, the campus is exploding with various student movements, and Harry's girlfriend, Jan, is caught up in most of them. As Harry gets closer to finishing his degree, he finds his iconoclastic attitude increasingly aligned with the students rather than the faculty.
Epoch=2001-11-24=Disaster strikes as a specialised team of investigators struggle to find out the truth about a strange monolith which sends out an intercontinental signal.
Cinderella Man=2005-06-02=The true story of boxer, Jim Braddock who, in the 1920’s after his retirement, has a surprise comeback in order to get him and his family out of a socially poor state.
Senior Week=1988-08-01=Everett and his party-hungry buddies embark on an all-night road-trip to the Florida beaches, for a week of fun, sun, and beautiful women. Mayhem ensues when 2 jealous girl-friends show up unexpectedly, along with a psycho teacher who's hunting down Everett because he owes her an overdue term-paper.
Lafayette Escadrille=1958-03-01=A hotshot young flyer falls for a French prostitute during World War I.
Smuteční slavnost=1969-01-01=Matylda (Jaroslava Ticha), who lives in the Czech countryside, is trying to arrange burial plans for her dying husband, Jan (Ludvik Kroner). While Matylda hopes to have a funeral for Jan in the small town where they once lived, there are complications. Years earlier, Jan spoke out against the Communist government and was consequently expelled from the town. When Matylda fails to convince a local politician to allow the ceremony, she uses her husband's funeral as a public show of dissent.
The Sticky Fingers of Time=1997-06-06=A 1950s author (Terumi Matthews) is transported to 1990s Brooklyn, where she meets a woman (Nicole Zaray) who reads about her life.
Site Unseen: An Emma Fielding Mystery=2017-06-04=Brilliant, dedicated, and driven, archaeologist Emma Fielding is trying to unearth evidence of a 17th century coastal Maine settlement that predates Jamestown, one of the most significant archaeological finds in years. But the dead body that accompanies it has embroiled Emma and her students in a different kind of exploration.
杀破狼2=2015-06-18=A Hong Kong cop named Kit busts a major gangster only to find his cover blown and his main witness gone. The gangster, in retaliation, has him kidnapped and put in a Thai jail with a false criminal identity. A lowly prison guard Chai with extraordinary fighting skills guards kit and prevents his escape from prison. The prison guard’s daughter suffers from a rare form of leukemia and Kit is the only donor who can save her. The prison guard discovers Kit’s real identity and helps him to escape in return for his agreeing to save his daughter. Together, Kit and Chai must face the gangster and his minions and take them down.
Tschick=2016-09-15=Two outsiders travel around the countryside during school holidays.
Brute Force=1947-06-30=Prison inmates revolt against a sadistic guard.
A Lady Without Passport=1950-08-03=A secret service agent falls in love with an illegal immigrant.
L'âge d'or=1930-10-28=The film consists of a series of tightly interlinked vignettes, the most sustained of which details the story of a man and a woman who are passionately in love. Their attempts to consummate their passion are constantly thwarted, by their families, by the Church and bourgeois society in general. In one notable scene, the young girl passionately fellates the toe of a religious statue.
Molly=1999-10-22=Molly McKay is a profoundly autistic twenty-something woman who has lived in an institution from a young age following her parents' death in a car accident. When the institution must close due budget cuts, Molly is left in the charge of her neurotypical, older brother, Buck McKay, an advertising executive and perennial bachelor. Buck allows her to undergo an experimental medical treatment, with unexpectedly drastic results.
Castillos de cartón=2009-10-25=In an attempt to help his friend with his impotence, Jaime sets up two friends together. But after the failure, he comes in to help. What first appeared to be just a sexual experience evolves to a full romantic relationship of three people.
...ing=2003-11-28=Follows the life of a young woman (Min-ah) who has become reserved and indifferent to the world as a result of her chronic illness/deformed hand and quietly portrays the unconventional, yet endearing relationship between mother and daughter as well as the development of Min-ah as she is befriended by the high spirited and carefree photographer Young-jae who moves into their apartment complex.
Chill=2007-02-15=In this classic retro horror thriller, Sam, an aspiring writer, takes a job as a clerk in an L.A. inner city grocery market owned by the sinister Dr. Munoz, a former scientist who claims to have a rare skin condition.
La Bandera=1935-09-25=Pierre Gilieth has committed a murder in Paris. He flees to Barcelona, where he runs out of money. So he joins the Spanish Foreign Legion. He meets there two fellow countrymen, Mulot and Lucas. He tries to forget his fault... but Lucas's friendship soon appears to be less unselfish...
Joseph: King of Dreams=2000-11-07=In this animated retelling of the story from the Bible's Book of Genesis, Joseph's gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat inspires jealousy in his brothers.
The Court-Martial of Billy Mitchell=1955-12-31=A dramatization of the American general and his court martial for publically complaining about High Command's dismissal and neglect of the aerial fighting forces.
The Hellcats=1968-05-08=The brother and fiancee of a dead policeman infiltrate a female-led biker gang to uncover his murderer.
Gargandi snilld=2005-04-30=A documentary about the bustling Icelandic musical scene. This documentary covers some of Iceland's most talented and well-known musicians.
Love and Diane=2002-10-08=Documentary on a recovering crack addict and her troubled daughter as they navigate the obstacles of joblessness, parenthood, welfare, and public housing.
Rings=2017-02-01="Julia becomes worried about her boyfriend, Holt when he explores the dark urban legend of a mysterious videotape said to kill the watcher seven days after viewing. She sacrifices herself to save her boyfriend and in doing so makes a horrifying discovery: there is a ""movie within the movie"" that no one has ever seen before."
भूल भुलैया=2007-10-12=When U.S.-based Siddharth visits his Indian home town with his new wife, he insists they stay at the ancestral home, laughing off family members' warnings of ghostly goings-on in the mansion. But events soon make him reconsider his beliefs. As unexplained and terrifying occurrences arise, Siddharth calls on his doctor friend to help solve the mystery. What will be the outcome? Will Siddharth's friend be able to solve this riddle?
Seed of Chucky=2004-11-11="The killer doll is back! The all-new film is the fifth in the popular series of Chucky (""Child's Play"") horror comedies. Making his directorial debut is the franchise creator and writer of all five films, Don Mancini. The film introduces Glen (voiced by ""The Lord of the Rings"" star Billy Boyd), the orphan doll offspring of the irrepressible devilish-doll-come-to-life Chucky (again voiced by series"
The Long Kiss Goodnight=1996-10-11=Samantha Caine, suburban homemaker, is the ideal mom to her 8 year old daughter Caitlin. She lives in Honesdale, PA, has a job teaching school and makes the best Rice Krispie treats in town. But when she receives a bump on her head, she begins to remember small parts of her previous life as a lethal, top-secret agent
Two for the Road=1967-04-27=The ten-year marriage of Mark and Joanna Wallace is on the rocks. In flashback they recall their first meeting, memorable moments in their courtship and early wedded life, their travels through Europe, their broken vow never to have children, and their increasing tensions that led to both of them having extra-marital affairs.
Making a Killing: The Untold Story of Psychotropic Drugging=2008-10-24=Psychotropic drugs. It’s the story of big money-drugs that fuel a $330 billion psychiatric industry, without a single cure. The cost in human terms is even greater-these drugs now kill an estimated 42,000 people every year. And the death count keeps rising. Containing more than 175 interviews with lawyers, mental health experts, the families of victims and the survivors themselves, this riveting documentary rips the mask off psychotropic drugging and exposes a brutal but well-entrenched money-making machine. Before these drugs were introduced in the market, people who had these conditions would not have been given any drugs at all. So it is the branding of a disease and it is the branding of a drug for a treatment of a disease that did not exist before the industry made the disease.
A Hole in the Head=1998-01-01=A Hole In The Head examines the development of modern trepanation as used by people in the UK, the US, and the Netherlands for the purpose of attaining a higher level of consciousness. This procedure, used by the ancient Egyptians, Incas and others, is believed by the voluntarily trepanned to allow for renewed brain pulsations that increase brain blood volume and thereby improve brain function. Interviews regarding the history and efficacy of the procedure are also held with some of the world's most respected neurosurgeons and anthropologists.
ストリートファイター II MOVIE=1994-08-06=Bison, the ruthless leader of the international terrorist organization Shadowlaw, has been desperately searching for the greatest fighter on the planet for years. He finds it in Ryu, a young wanderer who never stays in one place long enough for Bison to find him. He does, however, get a fix on Ken Masters, an American martial arts champion who studied with Ryu as a child under the same master. Meanwhile, Major Guile of the United States Army is forced to team up with Chun Li from China in hopes of apprehending Bison and putting a stop his international ring of crime.
Revenge of the Zombies=1943-09-17=When Dr. Von Altermann's wife Lila dies mysteriously at his spooky mansion, her relations suspect murder. They little suspect he's turning her into a zombie, to join the army of living dead he hopes to devote to the Nazi cause. Lila, though dead, has developed a will of her own. Meanwhile, Lila's brother Scott and his friends are increasingly alarmed by the eerie events.
Sexykiller=2008-10-10="In medical school of an elite university, campus starts sown with corpses. The police have no clue who is responsible for the carnage. Nobody suspected Barbara, a beautiful young innocent looking whose only concern seems to be the fashion. However, under the facade of frivolity, hides the most lethal and unforgiving of the killer: Barbykiller, the psychopath who reinvents the term ""fashion victim""."
Skinheads=1989-08-08=A group of students traveling to California are menaced by a vicious group of skin-heads in the Colorado mountains. A WW2 vet living in the mountains comes to their rescue.
You Can't Get Away with Murder=1939-03-23=Johnnie learns crime from petty thug Frank Wilson. When Wilson kills a pawnbroker with a gun stolen from Johnnie's sister Madge's fiance Fred Burke, Fred goes to Sing Sing's death house. Wilson uses all the pressure can to keep Johnnie silent, even after he and Johnnie themselves wind up in the big house.
The Big Green=1995-09-29=In a depressed Texas town, British foreign exchange teacher Anna attempts to inject some life into her hopeless kids by introducing them to soccer. They're terrible at first, but Anna and her football-hero assistant whip them into shape. As they work overtime, the pair help kids build their self-esteem and also get involved in solving family squabbles.
Halloween=1978-10-25=In John Carpenter's horror classic, a psychotic murderer, institutionalized since childhood for the murder of his sister, escapes and stalks a bookish teenage girl and her friends while his doctor chases him through the streets.
醉拳二=1994-02-03=Returning home with his father after a shopping expedition, Wong Fei-Hong is unwittingly caught up in the battle between foreigners who wish to export ancient Chinese artifacts and loyalists who don't want the pieces to leave the country. Fei-Hong must fight against the foreigners using his Drunken Boxing style, and overcome his father's antagonism as well.
Ishaqzaade=2012-05-11=While fighting for the political supremacy of their respective families, a Hindu man and a Muslim woman share a forbidden romance.
Escuela de seducción=2004-09-17="""Escuela de seducción"" is an acceptable comedy which deals, for the umpteenth time, with the war of the sexes using misunderstandings and fake personalities as dramatic resources. The premise is by no means original, but this is something most films lack nowadays, and therefore the result could have been more than acceptable."
My Kidnapper=2010-10-12=In 2003 Mark Henderson was one of eight backpackers taken hostage in Colombia. One year after his release one of his kidnappers contacted him by email. Now he's going back to meet him and finally close this chapter in his life.
The Good Witch=2008-01-19="A mysterious woman comes in to town and inhabits the local haunted mansion, making everyone wonder if she's a witch or ""The Grey Lady""."
Kart Racer=2003-05-16=14-year-old Watts Davies is estranged from his dad, a former International Karting Federation (IKF) champion. Watts's resolve to race in the upcoming IKF Regional Championships rekindles their relationship as they pursue the dream together.
Slumming=2006-02-10=Two yuppies play mean tricks on one another until one joke has fatal consequences.
Bamako=2006-06-21=Melé is a bar singer, her husband Chaka is out of work and the couple is on the verge of breaking up... In the courtyard of the house they share with other families, a trial court has been set up. African civil society spokesmen have taken proceedings against the World Bank and the IMF whom they blame for Africa's woes... Amidst the pleas and the testimonies, life goes on in the courtyard. Chaka does not seem to be concerned by this novel Africa's desire to fight for its rights.
Scared To Death=1981-03-01=A series of hideous murders is taking place, and Inspector Capell and cop-turned-novelist Lonergan are investigating. The murders are found to be the work of an out-of-control experiment in genetic engineering. The two men must descend into the city's sewer systems to destroy the horrific miscreation. It won't be hard to find, as it's already looking for its next victims...
Favela Rising=2005-04-24=A man emerges from the slums of Rio to lead the nonviolent cultural movement known as Afro-reggae.
Romeo and Juliet=1936-09-03=Scenes of combat that will stir your pulse...tender haunting romance that will stay ever fresh in your memory...spectacular beauty that will set a feast for your eyes...in the greatest melodramatic romance of all time...presented as it has never been before...the final glorious flower of motion picture achievement.
Mademoiselle=1966-06-01=A sexually repressed school teacher releases her pent up passions in a series of shocking crimes.
ดอกฟ้าในมือมาร=2000-11-08=Mysterious Object at Noon is part fiction, part documentary, and part pseudo-documentary about several unrelated lives in Thailand. The film crew set out on an expedition across Thailand, from the north to the south, documenting several lives along the way. In the process, each subject filmed is required to continue a story. A next person in another city is asked to resume the story with total freedom of expression. The person can even come back to any point in the story, make changes, and continue the tale alternatively. The film emphasises a documentary approach that presents people with different professions rather than looking for a perfect and unbroken narrative of the fiction's storyline. After the journey from the south, the crew set back for Bangkok, where the collaborated story is shot in a fiction-drama style with non-professional actors.
Sharpe's Honour=1994-06-08=1813. Major Sharpe's old enemy, Major Ducos manipulates a beautiful young marquesa into falsely accusing Sharpe of rape. Her husband calls Sharpe out in a duel. But when the husband is found dead the next morning, Sharpe is arrested and brought before a court martial, and it seems not even Patrick Harper and the Chosen Men can save Sharpe from a hanging, or rescue his honour
Teenage Gang Debs=1966-11-04=Low budget gang movie in which Diane Conti plays rebelious teen Terry who moves to Brooklyn from Manhattan and soon gets involved in a gang. She soon muscles her way to the top making enemies as she goes.
The Ten=2007-08-03=Ten stories, each inspired by one of the ten commandments.
Never Back Down: No Surrender=2016-06-07=Picking up after the events of Never Back Down 2, former MMA champion Case Walker is on the comeback trail to become champion once again.
Just Add Water=2008-03-18=An offbeat romantic comedy about a decent guy, Ray Tuckby, with a dead-end life in the dead-end town of Trona, CA. After encouragement from a stranger whom he happens upon, Ray begins to dream again. He sheds the parasites in his life, musters the nerve to pursue his childhood love, and finally takes back his community by toppling the local teenage Meth-baron.
Wah-Wah=2005-08-17=Set at the end of the 1960s, as Swaziland is about to receive independence from United Kingdom, the film follows the young Ralph Compton, at 12, through his parents' traumatic separation, till he's 14. The film is largely based on Richard E. Grant's own experiences as a teenager in Swaziland, where his father was head of education for the British government administration.
Gente en sitios=2013-12-20=This kaleidoscopic film weaves together approximately 20 fragmented scenarios that offer a view of contemporary Spain, drawing conclusions about the persistence of the human condition, strangeness, and the chaos within relationships. Starring Raul Arevalo, Eduard Fernandez and Santiago Segura.
Marvin's Room=1996-12-18=A leukemia patient attempts to end a 20-year feud with her sister to get her bone marrow.
Kevin=2011-01-01=Kevin Gant was an inspired and beloved Austin musician, but in 1995 he disappeared from the scene. Who is Kevin? What happened to him? And, can he get back what he lost?
Tumman veden päällä=2013-09-06=A ravishing story about little Pete and his survival and growth in the gray area between love and fear.
Οι τεμπέληδες της εύφορης κοιλάδας=1978-10-01=In this black comedy, the men in a lovely mansion slowly give in to a kind of terminal sloth after they are freed from the need to actually work. The father takes to his bed after his hernia acts up and never leaves it. Of his three sons, only one wants to do much about leaving, and he does in fact cross the front threshold of the house with his lover, who is also the maid. However, before he has gotten very far, he is very tired, and goes to sleep where he stands. One of the sons outdoes them all by sleeping literally all the time. He is not in a coma -- he is just very, very lazy and tired. Some critics have viewed this film as a sharply delineated social satire.
The Marine 5: Battleground=2017-03-16=While working as an EMT back stateside Jake Carter after responding to a distress call, finds himself caught up protecting a person of interest from a biker gang ruthlessly hunting them down.
Fat Albert=2004-12-12="An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends Rudy, Mushmouth, Bill, Dumb Donald, Russell, and Weird Harold, pulls into trouble when they ""fall"" out of their TV world into the real world, where Fat Albert tries to help a young girl, Doris, make friends."
Medicine Man=1992-02-07="An eccentric scientist working for a large drug company is working on a research project in the Amazon jungle. He sends for a research assistant and a gas chromatograph because he's close to a cure for cancer. When the assistant turns out to be a ""mere woman,"" he rejects her help. Meanwhile the bulldozers get closer to the area in which they are conducting research, and they eventually learn to work together, and begin falling in love."
Ni pour, ni contre (bien au contraire)=2003-03-05="""Ni Pour, Ni Contre"" tracks the fall of a young TV camerawoman, Caty, after she becomes involved with a group of petty criminals and their enigmatic leader, Jean. The gang lives hand-to-mouth until the day Jean plans a daring bank robbery. Although other gang members feel out of their league, Jean persuades them to take part and Caty finds herself in a hellish world of betrayal, violence and murder."
Opus II=1921-12-31=An abstract animation from Walter Ruttmann.
The Blue Max=1966-06-21=A young pilot in the German air force of 1918, disliked as lower-class and unchivalrous, tries ambitiously to earn the medal offered for 20 kills.
MURPH: The Protector=2013-03-22=A documentary based on the honor, courage and commitment of Navy SEAL LT Michael P. Murphy, who gave his life for his men in 2005 and was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor in 2007.
신의 한 수=2014-07-03="Professional baduk (go) player Tae-seok loses a high-stakes game to infamous underground gambler Sal-soo, and ends up framed for the murder of his own brother and locked up in prison. He vows revenge and trains ferociously. After serving his seven-year sentence, he gets in touch with his brother's former associate ""Tricks,"" hermit and blind master player ""The Lord,"" and skillful junkyard owner Mok-su; together, they begin formulating a plan to get back at Sal-soo and his men. Tae-seok slowly penetrates Sal-soo's inner circle and his gambling joint, and eliminates Sal-soo's men one by one. But Sal-soo discovers Tae-seok's true identity and engages him in one final game that will seal the fates of the two men involved."
Pastorela=2011-11-11=Agent Jesus Juarez (aka Chucho) has always played the Devil in his town's Nativity Play. This Christmas, when the new pastor of the church recasts the role, the two men engage in a battle between good and evil.
I Am Bruce Lee=2012-02-09="Bruce Lee is universally recognized as the pioneer who elevated martial arts in film to an art form, and this documentary will reveal why Bruce Lee's flame burns brighter now than the day he died over three decades ago. The greatest martial artists, athletes, actors, directors, and producers in the entertainment business today will share their feelings about the one who started it all. We will interview the people whose lives, careers, and belief systems were forever altered by the legendary ""Father of Martial Arts Cinema"". Rarely seen archival footage and classic photos will punctuate the personal testimonials. Prepare to be inspired."
Ice Station Zebra=1968-10-23=A top-secret Soviet spy satellite -- using stolen Western technology -- malfunctions and then goes into a descent that lands it near an isolated Arctic research encampment called Ice Station Zebra, belonging to the British, which starts sending out distress signals before falling silent. The atomic submarine Tigerfish, commanded by Cmdr. James Ferraday (Rock Hudson), is dispatched to save them.
Dead Presidents=1995-10-06="Depicts a heist of old bills, retired from circulation and destined by the government to be ""money to burn"". However, more broadly, it addresses the issues of Black Americans' involvement in the Vietnam War and their subsequent disillusionment with progress in social issues and civil rights back home in the United States, during the 1960s."
Les aventures de Rabbi Jacob=1973-10-17=In this riot of frantic disguises and mistaken identities, Victor Pivert, a blustering, bigoted French factory owner, finds himself taken hostage by Slimane, an Arab rebel leader. The two dress up as rabbis as they try to elude not only assasins from Slimane's country, but also the police, who think Pivert is a murderer. Pivert ends up posing as Rabbi Jacob, a beloved figure who's returned to France for his first visit after 30 years in the United States. Adding to the confusion are Pivert's dentist-wife, who thinks her husband is leaving her for another woman, their daughter, who's about to get married, and a Parisian neighborhood filled with people eager to celebrate the return of Rabbi Jacob.
Pablo=2012-10-17="Pablo blends documentary and animation elements to tell the saga of ""famous unknown"" Pablo Ferro, a man with a personal journey that spans from Havana, during the pre-Cuban revolution to his current home, in the garage behind his son's house."
Kinky Boots=2005-08-30=Charles Price may have grown up with his father in the family shoe business in Northampton, in central England, but he never thought that he would take his father's place. Yet, the untimely death of his father places him in that position, only to learn that Price & Sons Shoes is failing. While in despair at his failed attempts to save the business, Charles has a chance encounter with the flamboyant drag queen cabaret singer, Lola. Her complaints about the inadequate footwear for her work combined with one of Charles' ex-employees, Lauren, leads to a suggestion to change the product to create a desperate chance to save the business: make men's fetish footwear. Lola is convinced to be their footwear designer and the transition begins. Now this disparate lot must struggle at this unorthodox idea while dealing both the prejudice of the staff, Lola's discomfort in the small town and the selfish manipulation of Charles' greedy fiancée who cannot see the greater good in Charles' dream.
Serial Killer Culture=2014-02-04=Serial Killer Culture examines the reasons why artists and collectors are fascinated by serial killers.
Och, Karol 2=2011-01-21=Karol has everything. He has three mistresses in addition to the bride. He is charming, loves sex and enslaves women in the blink of an eye. He's also well aware of that women like and uses it for his benefits.
Redeemer=2014-09-18=A former hit-man for a drug cartel becomes a vigilante to pay for his sins and find redemption
Whoopee!=1930-10-05=Western sheriff Bob Wells is preparing to marry Sally Morgan; she loves part-Indian Wanenis, whose race is an obstacle. Sally flees the wedding with hypochondriac Henry Williams, who thinks he's just giving her a ride; but she left a note saying they've eloped! Chasing them are jilted Bob, Henry's nurse Mary (who's been trying to seduce him) and others.
Muck=2015-03-15=After narrowly escaping an ancient burial ground, long forgotten and buried underneath the marshes of Cape Cod, a group of friends emerge from the thick, marshy darkness, tattered and bloody, lucky to be alive. They have already lost two of their friends in the marsh, presumably dead. They stumble upon an empty Cape Cod vacation house alongside the foggy marsh and break in to take shelter. Whatever was in the marsh is still after them and soon after one of them goes for help, the rest of the group learns that the evil in the marsh is not the only thing that wants them dead. Something worse, something more savage, was lying in wait just outside the marsh, in the house. What happens next is unspeakable, horror that cannot be unseen. These unlucky travelers spend their St. Patrick's Day trapped between two evils forcing them to fight, die, or go back the way they came.
Gorgo=1961-02-02=Never take a baby from his mother. You'll see why in this action-packed monster thriller as young Gorgo, a creature from the sea, is relocated to London from Ireland, with rampaging mommy-dearest not far behind.
Logan's Run=1976-06-23=An idyllic sci-fi future has one major drawback: All citizens get a chance of being 'renewed' in a Civic Ceremony at their 30th birthday, unless they run and escape before their time comes.
So Big!=1932-04-30=A farmer's widow takes on the land and her late husband's tempestuous son.
Doomwatch=1972-03-01=The waters surrounding an island become contaminated by chemical dumping, and people who eat fish caught in those waters become deformed and violent.
Ice Spiders=2007-01-01=A scientific experiment goes haywire, creating an arachnophobic nightmare. If there's a way to stop them, somebody better find it soon before they kill everything in sight!
Annabelle Serpentine Dance=1895-04-01=Two dancers perform in succession facing a stationary camera. The first is in a diaphanous skirt, held out by her hands with arms extended. She smiles, wearing butterfly wings on her back and the wings of Mercury in her hair. Her dance emphasizes the movement of her visible, bare legs. She kicks high, bows, and moves to her right and left. The second dancer has a voluminous, long skirt, and holds sticks in each hand attached to the skirt's outer edges, so that the emphasis is on the swirling patterns the skirt makes, often obscuring her unsmiling face. Her feet move little on the unadorned stage; changes in the color of the lens filter accent the swirling patterns.
Richard Pryor: Live and Smokin'=1971-04-29=Richard Pryor: Live &amp; Smokin' is the first stand-up act of Richard Pryor to be filmed out of the four that were released in total. This film was filmed in 1971 but not released until 1985, on VHS. This was the first stand-up act that Pryor did before he hit the mainstream audience. With only 48 minutes of footage, it is the shortest of Pryor's stand-up routines.
La Folle histoire de Max et Léon=2016-11-01=In this WW2 epic comedy – in the vein of “La Grande Vadrouille” – our two heroes, Max and Léon, two lazy and partier pals, will try by all possible means to avoid going in the battle zone… This will lead the duo to demented and wild adventures.
Casi treinta=2013-10-04=Hilarious romantic comedy which main essence is based on the maturation process that young people face when entering their thirties. When their options come to settling down and starting a family or pursuing and achieving what they've always dreamed of, even though this could become a risk for their economic and emotional stability.
The Master=2017-01-01=In 19th-century China, during the infamous Qing Dynasty, the population is suffering at the hands of greedy landlords, corrupt officials, and unwelcome invaders. Hoping to unite his people, martial arts master Chen Xiang opens a school integrating techniques from both the North and South. But after Chen refuses to join the armies of the Qing Prince, his mother and his students are seized. To save them, Chen has only one path: all-out war.
Kitten with a Whip=1964-11-04=Jody, a juvenile delinquent, escapes from reform school by stabbing a matron and attempting to burn down the building and then takes refuge in a house owned by an ambitious politician David Patton. Despite the hellcat's ample charms, the would-be officeholder wants nothing to do with her and tries to drive her away. She responds by shortly returning to his house accompanied by a gang of delinquent pals and taking him hostage. A sudden act of violence causes more trouble, leading Jody and her gang to hijack David and force him to drive a getaway car to Mexico.
Wild Rebels=1967-09-01=A stock car driver goes undercover as the wheel man for a motorcycle gang.
The Lady=2011-11-30=The film is about the life of Aung San Suu Kyi (Yeoh) who spent more than a decade under house arrest. David Thewlis portrays Suu Kyi's husband, Dr. Michael Aris. Rebecca Frayn began working on the project after she and her husband, producer Andy Harries, visited Burma in the early 1990s.Harries' production company Left Bank Pictures began development of the script in 2008 under the working title Freedom from Fear. Harries wanted Michelle Yeoh as the lead and had the script sent to her.
Still Breathing=1997-09-01="Two lost souls: she a con-artist in L.A.; he a puppeteer in San Antonio have the same dream linking each with the other. He travels to L.A. to find this woman he has become obsessed with. She resists, afraid of his kooky ideas until she travels with him to San Antonio and meets his wise grandmother. Story of two disparate people linked by ""fate"" gets increasingly interesting as it rolls along."
Our Brand Is Crisis=2015-09-11="A feature film based on the documentary ""Our Brand Is Crisis"", which focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America."
Cyanure=2013-02-26=Thirteen years old Achille is waiting for his father to return from prison. Will everything go as planned and could the family survive?
Angel and the Badman=1947-02-15=Notorious shootist and womanizer Quirt Evans' horse collapses as he passes a Quaker family's home. Quirt has been wounded, and the kindly family takes him in to nurse him back to health against the advice of others. The handsome Evans quickly attracts the affections of their beautiful daughter, Penelope. He develops an affection for the family, but his troubled past follows him.
Hells Angels Forever=1983-10-09=What starts off as a squadron of American daredevil bombers in World War II, branded by society as renegades, turns into a revealing ride into the world of honor, violence, and undying passion for motorcycles on the road.
大日本人=2007-05-19=In this hilarious mockumentary, middle-aged Daisato (Hitoshi Matsumoto) -- a second-rate, third-generation superhero -- annoys his neighbors with the noise and destruction he causes on the job. But a heroic public image is the least of his concerns. Besides defending Japan from bizarre monsters, he must deal with an agent seeking to brand him with ads, a superhero grandfather with Alzheimer's and a family embarrassed by his incompetence.
Hi Diddle Diddle=1943-08-02=When the bride's mother is supposedly swindled out of her money by a spurned suitor, the groom's father orchestrates a scheme of his own to set things right. He is aided by a cabaret singer, while placating a jealous wife.
Moses und Aron=1975-03-29=MOSES AND AARON finds Jean-Marie Straub and Danièle Huillet, through their exemplary craft, transforming a familiar Biblical tale into a borderline-surreal cinematic opera of seemingly endless possibility. In expressive, melodic tones, the fraternal pair debate God’s true message and intent for His creations, a conflict that leads their followers — in extravagantly choreographed song and dance — towards chaos and sin. Set almost entirely within a Roman amphitheater whose history lends every precise line-reading and gesture, every startling camera move and cut, a totalizing force, Straub-Huillet’s adaptation of Schoenberg’s unfinished opera opens us to the stimulating worldview of a filmmaking duo whose masterful efforts are finally coming to light.
Le grand soir=2012-06-06=An ageing punk-with-a-dog and his brother the conformist decide to get their revenge on a shopping mall.  Directing duo Benoit Delepine and Gustave Kervern, longstanding comic crusaders against capitalism, again set out to surprise and shock the bourgeois audience.
Mikey=1992-11-12="Mikey just needs a good stable home. He's bounced from foster home to foster home his whole life. He finally lands himself with a new loving family, but their perfect little child is not what he appears to be. His previous caretakers all died of mysterious ""accidents"" that weren't really accidents at all. Mikey is a cold blooded killer, and it doesn't take long for him to aim his sights on his new adoptive family and anyone else who stands in his way."
The Craving=2008-01-01=A group of college students embarking on a cross country road trip to the Burning Man Festival find themselves stranded in desert. Come nightfall a vicious predatory monster comes out searching for a meal. Will anyone survive the nocturnal attacks from this ferocious beast?
Hiawatha=1952-12-28=A young Indian brave attempts to bring peace to two warring tribes.
Coup pour Coup=1972-06-01=The film describes a strike in a French textile factory, when the striking workers occupy the factory.
Shark Swarm=2008-01-01=A fisherman and his family fight to take down a greedy real estate developer who has released toxins into the ocean, turning the area's sharks into bloodthirsty hunters.
Thank You a Lot=2014-03-07=A struggling, two-bit music manager will lose his job unless he signs a reclusive country music singer, James Hand, who also happens to be his estranged father.
A Single Shot=2013-02-09=The tragic death of a beautiful young girl starts a tense and atmospheric game of cat and mouse between hunter John Moon and the hardened backwater criminals out for his blood.
동감=2000-05-27=In this endearing supernatural love story spanning two decades, a university student finds himself communicating with a female classmate from the same school through an antique ham radio...
Ang Pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros=2005-07-13=A 12-year-old gay who comes from a criminal family falls in love with a handsome policeman.
My Reputation=1946-01-26=Tongues begin to wag when a lonely widow becomes romantically involved with a military man. Problems arise when the gossip is filtered down to her own children.
A Sister's Nightmare=2013-09-07=Police officer Jane Rydert's life goes into a tailspin the day her older sister, Cassidy, shows up at her door after sixteen years of confinement in a psychiatric hospital.
Los cronocrímenes=2007-09-20=A man accidentally gets into a time machine and travels back in time nearly an hour. Finding himself will be the first of a series of disasters of unforeseeable consequences.
Canicule=1984-01-10=Dog Day is a 1984 film starring Lee Marvin. A criminal shows up at a farmhouse with the law on his heels and several million dollars in his possession. The supporting cast includes Tina Louise and Juliette Mills. The movie was directed by Yves Boisset.
The Dovekeepers=2015-03-31=This four-hour miniseries is based on Alice Hoffman’s acclaimed historical novel about four extraordinary women whose lives intersect in a fight for survival at the siege of Masada.
Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore=1974-12-09=A recently widowed woman on the road with her precocious young son determined to make a new life for herself as a singer.
Theatre of Blood=1973-03-15=A Shakespearean actor takes poetic revenge on the critics who denied him recognition.
Jízda=1994-09-13=Two guys bought a car and travelled through the country untill they met a lonely girl on the road. So they begin to travel together having so much fun. And there is another guy who has a better car and who is looking for the girl because he is her lover, he is her first one. What is going on inside of this girl? Nobody knows, until the end.
ヱヴァンゲリヲン新劇場版：序=2007-09-01="After the Second Impact, Tokyo-3 is being attacked by giant creatures called Angels that seek to eradicate humankind. The child Shinji's objective is to fight the Angels by piloting one of the mysterious Evangelion mecha units. A remake of the first six episodes of GAINAX's famous 1996 anime series.  The film was retitled ""Evangelion: 1.01"" for its DVD release and ""Evangelion: 1.11"" for release on Blu-Ray (with additional scenes)."
Drunk Wedding=2015-05-22=Jon and Elissa dreamed of having an epic destination wedding surrounded by their best friends. But their trip to paradise turns into an outrageous drunken weekend they wish they could forget.
Heavy Metal Britannia=2010-03-07=Nigel Planer narrates a documentary which traces the origins and development of British heavy metal from its humble beginnings in the industrialised Midlands to its proud international triumph.  Contributors include Lemmy, Sabbath's Tony Iommi, Ian Gillan from Deep Purple, Judas Priest singer Rob Halford, Bruce Dickinson from Iron Maiden and Saxon's Biff Byford.
Million Dollar Mermaid=1952-12-04=Biopic of Australian swimming champ and entertainer Annette Kellerman. After overcoming polio, Kellerman achieves fame and creates a scandal when her one-piece bathing suit is considered indecent.
The Girl in the Park=2007-09-09=A mother, enduringly traumatized by the disappearance of her three-year old daughter 15 years ago, has cut herself off from her ex-husband and son. However, when a troubled young woman with a checkered past enters her life, old psychic wounds painfully resurface, as does the illogical and increasingly irrational hope that the young woman may be the daughter she lost so long ago.
The River=1951-09-10=Based on the novel by Rumer Godden, Jean Renoir’s entrancing first color feature—shot entirely on location in India—eloquently contrasts the growing pains of three young women with the immutability of the Bengal river around which their daily lives unfold. Enriched by Renoir’s subtle understanding and appreciation for India and its people, The River gracefully explores the fragile connections between transitory emotions and everlasting creation.
Orphans=1998-09-03=The star of Ken Loach's MY NAME IS JOE, Mullan proves that his talent isn't relegated to acting. As a writer/director, he has crafted a supremely entertaining motion picture. ORPHANS tells the grittily realistic, hysterical, and deeply moving tale of a group of siblings who reunite in Glasgow on the eve of their mother's funeral. The four children mourn their mother's passing in a variety of ways, some of which are heartfelt and some of which are bizarre. As a potential thunderstorm threatens to damage the city, the situation compounds itself even further.
海上花=1998-10-01=Women struggle in a Shanghai brothel where everything only appears to be beautiful.
Didi und die Rache der Enterbten=1985-02-08=A series of murders eliminates the poverty-stricken heirs to a 10 million-dollar fortune while Didi Dodel, the unsuspecting main heir, blithely escapes the attempts on his life. After a wealthy miser dies and leaves his fortune to Didi and five others, the five each hit upon the idea of eliminating Didi from the list (Didi does not know he has been named), but they do not realize how fate can step in and alter the best and worst of intentions.
常在我心=2001-09-25=Charlene Choi plays Yee, a beautiful young girl from an affluent family, however she finds out that she has suffered from cancer, so she begins to prepare for her own funeral with the help of a young funeral director Duan(Eason Chan) They gradually falls in love with each other during their field trip to U.S.A, Yee then realizes how much she values her life. But later, she finally learns about one of Duan's secret, which end up a sad ending of the story.
Driving Lessons=2006-04-30=A shy teenage boy trying to escape the influence of his domineering mother, has his world changed when he begins to work for a retired actress.
Las viudas de los jueves=2009-09-10=La cerrada comunidad de “Altos de la Cascada”, un barrio privado de casas de alto precio, se conmueve con el hallazgo de tres cadáveres que aparecen flotando en una piscina y se apresura a encuadrarlo como accidente. Es el punto de partida para que a través de la vida de algunos matrimonios que allí habitan, Tano (Pablo Echarri) -gerente de una multinacional- y Teresa (Ana Celentano), Ronnie (Leonardo Sbaraglia) que vive a expensas de su esposa Mavy, una agente inmobiliaria (Gabriela Toscano), el pusilánime Martín (Ernesto Alterio) y su insatisfecha esposa Lala (Gloria Carrá) y los recién llegados Gustavo (Juan Diego Botto) y Carla (Juana Viale), la película intente una descripción del sector social que compone ese tipo de comunidad y, por extensión, a un sector más amplio de la sociedad de la época.
Tony Rome=1967-10-31=Tony Rome, a tough Miami PI living on a houseboat, is hired by a local millionaire to find jewelry stolen from his daughter, and in the process has several encounters with local hoods as well as the Miami Beach PD.
Backwards=2012-09-21=When a fiercely competitive 30 year old rower fails to make the Olympic boat for the second time, she takes a coaching job at a school but struggles to adjust to life off the race course.
Albert Nobbs=2011-12-21=Albert Nobbs struggles to survive in late 19th century Ireland, where women aren't encouraged to be independent. Posing as a man, so she can work as a butler in Dublin's most posh hotel, Albert meets a handsome painter and looks to escape the lie she has been living.
The Masque of the Red Death=1964-06-24=Satan-worshiper Prince Prospero invites the local nobility to his castle for protection against an oncoming plague, the Red Death. He orders his guests to attend a masked ball and, amidst an atmosphere of debauchery and depravity, notices the entry of a hooded stranger dressed all in red. Believing the figure to be his master, Satan, Prospero is horrified at the revelation of his true identity.
A Very Potter Musical=2009-04-09="In April 2009, a group of University of Michigan students (Team StarKid) performed what was renamed ""A Very Potter Musical"", a two act musical parody that featured major elements from all seven Harry Potter books and an original score."
La bête lumineuse=1982-10-15=A documentary film about a group of hunters who gather annually to hunt moose near Maniwaki, Quebec.
Fall Time=1995-05-13=Three young men decide to plan a mock kidnapping, but everything goes wrong because a real bank robbery was already planned by two other guys.
One Bright Shining Moment=2005-09-16=ONE BRIGHT SHINING MOMENT retraces George McGovern's bold presidential campaign of 1972 - a grassroots campaign that fought for peace and justice, and positioned ideas and people first. But what is remembered today as being the ultimate political defeat of the American Century may also have been its high watermark. The film poses this central question: what does the crushing electoral defeat of a man so well respected for his decency and intellect say about the electoral process, the American government, and more importantly, what does it say about the forces at work on the American people- then and now? Featuring interviews with the candidate himself, supporters and activists like Gore Vidal, Gloria Steinem, Warren Beatty, Howard Zinn, and music from Bob Dylan, Robbie Robertson, Donovan, and Elvis Costello.
Pond Hockey=2008-08-12=The pond. This is where hockey was born-under the open sky-where the ice is gritty and so is the play. For generations, Northlanders have grown up on outdoor ice. But, there are new climate- controlled arenas in every town, and that's where the kids go to practice year-round now.
Who Killed Cock Robin?=1935-06-28=A robin is shot so the woodland community holds a trial to investigate in this Silly Symphony.
Bienvenido a Farewell-Gutmann=2008-07-04=Ruiz died. The Human Resources department of the pharmaceutical company Farewell-Gutmann has lost a dedicated director, but Lazarus, Adele and Ferdinand will miss him. Still warm body of the deceased, their subordinates killed begin the race for succession. The arrival of an eccentric from the central executive will forever change the relationship between them.
Eddie Murphy Raw=1987-11-25=Eddie Murphy delights, shocks and entertains with dead-on celebrity impersonations, observations on '80s love, sex and marriage, a remembrance of Mom's hamburgers and much more.
The Wall=2017-05-12=An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper.
Futures vedettes=1955-04-25=In this erotic French romance two lovely women compete for the love of the same man. The film is also known as Joy of Loving.
The Glenn Miller Story=1954-01-08=A vibrant tribute to one of America's legendary bandleaders, charting Glenn Miller's rise from obscurity and poverty to fame and wealth in the early 1940s.
Kaijū Daisensō=1965-12-19="In the 6th Godzilla movie, mysterious aliens from the Planet X ask earth's people to help them save their world from the dreaded Ghidorah (aka ""Monster Zero"") by letting them ""borrow"" Godzilla and Rodan. Monster mayhem ensues on Planet X, but it's soon discovered that the aliens have other intentions for the monsters."
Playing for Time=1980-09-30=When Jewish songstress Fania Fénelon is plucked from the stage and sent to Auschwitz, she and other musicians find themselves assigned to a terrible task – using their talents to soothe fellow prisoners who are sentenced to die in the gas chambers.
Caballos salvajes=1995-08-10=Still Breathing and theft in a financial, Joseph (Hector Alterio), an old anarchist, and a young employee, Pedro (Leonardo Sbaraglia) live for four days violent and compassionate alternatives in their desperate flight from the Patagonia Argentina. Along the way they encounter Ana (Cecilia Dopazo), a teenager who accompanies them on the trip.
Into the Storm=2014-08-06=The town of Silverton is in one day destroyed by the unprecedented power of a series of tornadoes. The population is at the mercy of the unpredictable and deadly cyclones, while hunters warn that the worst is yet to come. Most people find shelter, but some just go to the tornado for that one, unique shot.
Taken=2002-12-02=Taken spans five decades and four generations, centering on three families: the Keys, Crawfords, and Clarkes. World War II veteran Russell Keys is plagued by nightmares of his abduction by aliens during the war; the Roswell incident transforms Owen Crawford from ambitious Air Force captain to evil shadow government conspirator; the unhappily married Sally Clarke is impregnated by an alien visitor. As the decades go by, the heirs of each are affected by the machinations of the aliens, culminating with the birth of Allie Keys, who is the final product of the aliens' experimentation and holds the key to their future
攻殻機動隊ARISE border : 3 Ghost Tears=2014-06-28=Posing as lovers on vacation, Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scrasath. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation.
Manborg=2011-09-22=The evil Count Draculon and his army of demons have conquered Earth, but a young soldier who lost his life in the first war against Hell has reawakened in the future as MANBORG! Together with a crew of post-apocalyptic rebels, the half-man half-machine hero will fight to defeat Draculon and take back the planet!
Malaya=1949-12-27=After living abroad for several years, journalist John Royer returns to the United States just after the U.S. enters World War II. His boast that he could easily smuggle rubber, a key wartime natural resource, out of Malaya has him tasked with doing just that. He manages to get someone from his past, Carnaghan, sprung from Alactraz and together they head off to South East Asia posing as Irishmen. Once there, Carnaghan lines up some of his old cronies and with Royer and a few plantation owners plans to smuggle the rubber out from under the Japanese army's watchful eye.
Dr. Dolittle: Tail to the Chief=2008-03-04=Maya Dolittle (Kyla Pratt) is back in a heartwarming adventure of presidential proportions! Maya's dream of going to vet school is put on hold when she gets a call from the president of the United States. It seems the First Dog is out of control, and the president needs Maya's help. It's up to Maya and her own dog, Lucky, to stop a canine catastrophe from becoming a national crisis!. Read more: h
Le camion=1977-05-27=In this most talky and personal of films, director Marguerite Duras and actor Gerard Depardieu do an on-camera read-through of a movie script. Occasionally, the director comments about the characters or their motivations, and sometimes the actor does. That's all -- there is no action, there are no location shots, no one pretends to be anything else. The script itself tells about an encounter between a blank-slate of a woman hitchhiker, and a communist truck driver. As the reading progresses, Duras comments bitterly about the failed ideals of communism and the glorious revolution that will probably never happen.
Kama Sutra - A Tale of Love=1996-09-11=Tara and Maya are two inseparable friends in India. Their tastes, habits, and hobbies are the same. Years later, the two have matured, but have maintained their friendship. Tara gets married to the local prince, Raj Singh, who soon succeeds the throne as the sole heir. After the marriage, Raj gets bored of Tara and starts seeking another female to satisfy his sexual needs. He notices Maya and is instantly attracted to her. He has her included as one of his courtesans, and is intimate with her. Watch what happens when Tara finds out and the extent she will go to keep her marriage intact.
Follow That Camel=1967-09-01=Bertram Oliphant West (also known as Bo West) wants to clear his unjustly smeared reputation. He joins the Foreign Legion, with Simpson his manservant in tow. But the fort they get posted to is full of eccentric legionnaires, and there is trouble brewing with the locals too. Unbeknown to Bo, his lady love has followed him in disguise...
Mousey=1974-05-24=A high school teacher separated from his son plots revenge on his ex-wife.
The Last Mountain=2011-06-03=In the valleys of Appalachia, a battle is being fought over a mountain, the consequences of which affect every American; it's a battle that has taken innocent lives and threatens to take more. It is a battle over protecting our health and environment from the destructive power of Big Coal. Mining and burning coal is at the epicenter of America's struggle to balance its energy needs with environmental and health concerns. Nowhere is that concern greater than in Coal River Valley, West Virginia, where a small but passionate group of ordinary citizens are trying to stop Big Coal corporations, like Massey Energy, from continuing the devastating practice of Mountain Top Removal.
Secret of the Wings=2012-08-17=Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow.
The Member of the Wedding=1952-12-25=Carson  McCullers stage hit brought to the screen by Fred Zinnemann starring Ethel Waters and Julie Harris. Tomboy Julie Harris dreams of running away with her brother and new fiancee away from the Deep South.
L'as des as=1982-10-27=In this action comedy the French boxer Jo Cavalier is charmed on the train to Berlin for the Olympics in Hitler's Germany by the little boy Simon Rosenblum who asks his autograph; when it turns out his adorable young fan is a Jewish orphan in danger of persecution, he risks his one shot at Olympic glory to save Simon and his family, helped only by a German officer-gentleman who became his friend in World War I, by an adventurous escape to Switzerland, Nazi troops on their heals and braving impossible odds in roller coaster-style.
Down=2001-05-11=After the elevators at a New York City skyscraper begin inexplicably malfunctioning, putting its passengers at risk, mechanic Mark Newman (James Marshall) and reporter Jennifer Evans (Naomi Watts) begin separate investigations. Newman gets resistance from superiors at his company, which manufactured the elevator, while additional elevator incidents cause several gruesome deaths. The police get involved and suspect that terrorists are responsible, but a far stranger explanation looms.
Virgin High=1991-01-23=When he is caught with his girlfriend, she is shipped off to a Catholic boarding school. He poses as a priest to see her and is beset with a series of surprises that prove that nothing is sacred at the academy of the blessed virgin
The Telegraph Trail=1933-03-18=A greedy businessman-turned-renegade foments an Indian uprising against the coming telegraph to perpetuate his economic stranglehold on the territory.
Spaghetti Story=2013-12-18=Nowadays, four Italian young adults longing to change their lives, yet stuck upon the shelf: Valerio and Kookie, dreaming of their big break, yet still not being independent; Giovanna and Serena, pretending to be adult, yet never having dared to live. Then, the encounter with Mei Mei, a young Chinese prostitute, shines a light on the truth: the gain of one’s freedom is, above all, an inside job.
Evel Knievel=2004-07-30="Legendary daredevil Robbie ""Evel"" Knievel (George Eads) is profiled in this action-packed biopic helmed by John Badham. Long before extreme sports became ubiquitous, the hard-living exhibitionist vaulted his motorcycle over steep canyons, crates of venomous snakes and snarling cougars. But as Knievel amassed wealth and world records (along with 35 broken bones), his taste for liquor and ladies equaled his appetite for adventure."
Chori Chori Chupke Chupke=2001-03-09=Raj and Priya Malhotra have been married for several years, and live a wealthy and fairly harmonious lifestyle. They have one problem though, Priya cannot conceive. When efforts to adopt a child fail, they decide to use Raj's sperm on another woman, who is willing to carry their child. They pick Madhubala, a fairly decent, middle-class young woman, who is in need of money. The process is set under way, and Madhu soon gets pregnant. Raj and Priya manage to convince their respective families that Priya is expecting, but the true challenge they must face when certain Hindu prayers and rituals are performed on the mother-to-be. Will they come clean and tell their family about Madhu?
The Three Stooges=2000-04-24=A biography of the Three Stooges, in which their careers and rise to fame is shown throughout the eyes of their leader, Moe.
Under the Gun=1951-02-22=A convicted racketeer becomes prison trustee when an inmate whom he persuaded to escape is killed.
Summer Lovers=1982-07-16=Michael Pappas and his girlfriend, Cathy, are enjoying the white sand beaches of a Greek island as well as the freewheeling nature of the locals. When Michael meets Lina, who is in Greece from Paris doing archaeological work, he is enamored with the beautiful foreigner. Cathy, unhappy about Lina getting close to Michael, confronts the woman -- only to be unexpectedly wooed by her charms as well.
Die Reise zum sichersten Ort der Erde=2013-10-10=Over 350,000 tons of highly radioactive waste and spent fuel rods are in temporary storage on site at nuclear power complexes and at intermediate storage sites all over the world. More than 10,000 additional tons join them every year. It is the most dangerous waste man has ever produced. Waste that requires storage in a safe final repository for hundreds of thousands of years. Out of reach of humanity and other living creatures. The question is, where? Together with Swiss-British nuclear physicist Charles McCombie, who has been searching for a safe final storage site for highly radioactive nuclear waste for thirty-five years, director Edgar Hagen investigates the limitations and contradictions involved in this project of global significance. Supporters and opponents of nuclear energy struggle for solutions whilst dogmatic worldviews are assailed by doubt
Cry of the City=1948-09-29=Petty crook and cop-killer Martin Rome, in bad shape from wounds in the hospital prison ward, still refuses to help slimy lawyer Niles clear his client by confessing to another crime. Police Lt. Candella must check Niles' allegation; a friend of the Rome family, he walks a tightrope between sentiment and cynicism. When Martin fears Candella will implicate his girlfriend Teena, he'll do anything to protect her. How many others will he drag down to disaster with him?
Blackadder Back & Forth=1999-12-06="It's Millennium Eve and Blackadder is hosting a dinner party for a few select friends, Lady Elizabeth, Viscount George, Archbishop Melchett and Archbishop Darling. Baldrick devises yet another of his infamous cunning plans to help his ever greedy master Edmund Blackadder con money from his gullible friends. The pair build a ""time machine"" from empty cereal packets and place bets with their friends as to when in history they will travel, retrieving various artifacts from their travels as proof, items which Blackadder already owns! However, in a strange twist of fate the time machine actually works and the pair are thrown back in history initially to the Jurassic period. Gradually the pair start to return to their own time stopping off at various famous times in history such as Sherwood Forest and the Battle of Waterloo but will they make it home?"
Last Days in Vietnam=2014-09-05=During the chaotic final weeks of the Vietnam War, the North Vietnamese Army closes in on Saigon as the panicked South Vietnamese people desperately attempt to escape. On the ground, American soldiers and diplomats confront a moral quandary: whether to obey White House orders to evacuate only U.S. citizens.
The Boy=2016-01-22=A nanny, working for a family whose son has just passed away, finds herself put in charge of caring for a lifelike doll that the couple treat as a real child.
Doomed=2007-01-06="In the future, death row criminals are given a chance to gain a pardon, on a ""survivor"" style reality show, only to find the island is full of zombie ex-contestants. (It's as bad as it sounds)"
Elokuu=2011-04-01=Summer begins, Aku graduates high school and faces a great emptiness. As his girlfriend, parents and friends all leave the city, it looks to be the dullest summer ever. Everything changes at Midsummer when Aku meets Juli, a beautiful, strange and wild girl. Juli asks Aku for a ride to eastern Finland. Aku agrees – without any idea what he's getting himself into.
Kedi=2017-02-10=A profile of an ancient city and its unique people, seen through the eyes of the most mysterious and beloved animal humans have ever known, the Cat.
Psy=1992-11-20=In good old days Franz Maurer and his partners from secret police used to live like kings. Now, they all must adapt to new post-communist environment where they are scorned and losing all the privileges. Some, like Franz, are like ordinary police fighting against drug dealers. But Franz would soon find that some of his friends are on the other side.
Człowiek na torze=1957-01-17=In 1950, at night, a passenger train kills a man on the tracks. He is Orzechowski, an engineer since 1914. An inquiry immediately follows. Testimony takes the form of flashbacks. Tuszka, the station master, believes Orzechowski was a saboteur; at least one on the inquiry panel agrees. Zapora, the young engineer on the train that hit Orzechowski, gives more complicated testimony about the dead man - stiff-necked, proud, imperious, critical of Zapora and other younger workers. The signalman at the crossing where Orzechowski died also testifies. Can the panel arrive at the truth in a world where workers unite, inferior coal is a badge of honor, and the old order is suspect?
The Woman in White=1948-05-15=A young painter stumbles upon an assortment of odd characters at an English estate where he has been hired to give art lessons to beautiful Laura Fairlie. Among them are Anne Catherick, a strange young woman dressed in white whom he meets in the forest and who bears a striking resemblance to Laura; cunning Count Fosco, who hopes to obtain an inheritance for nobleman Sir Percival Glyde, whom he plans to have Laura marry; Mr. Fairlie, a hypochondriac who can't stand to have anyone make the slightest noise; and eccentric Countess Fosco who has her own dark secret. The artist also finds himself drawn to Marion Halcomb, a distant relation to Laura for whom the Count also has plans.
The Iran Job=2012-09-28=This eye-opening documentary follows American basketball player Kevin Sheppard during his 2008-09 season playing for a professional team in Iran. Although Kevin is nervous, he makes many friends, including several politically active Iranian women.
Ithaca=2015-10-29=In a small town in California's San Joaquin Valley, 14-year-old Homer Macauley is determined to be the best and fastest bicycle telegraph messenger anyone has ever seen. His older brother has gone to war, leaving Homer to look after his widowed mother, his older sister and his 4-year-old brother, Ulysses. And so it is that as spring turns to summer, 1942, Homer Macauley delivers messages of love, hope, pain... and death... to the good people of Ithaca. And Homer Macauley will grapple with one message that will change him forever - from a boy into a man. Based on Pulitzer Prize-winning author William Saroyan's 1943 novel, The Human Comedy, ITHACA is the quintessential wartime tale of the Home Front. It is a coming-of-age story about the exuberance of youth, the sweetness of life, the sting of death and the modesty and sheer goodness that lives in each and every one of us.
One Man's Hero=1999-08-02="One Man's Hero tells the little-known story of the ""St. Patrick's Battalion"" or ""San Patricios,"" a group of mostly Irish and other immigrants of the Catholic faith who deserted to Mexico after encountering religious and ethnic prejudice in the U.S. Army during the Mexican-American War. The plot centers around the personal story of John Riley, an Irishman who had been a sergeant in the American Army who is commissioned as a captain in the Mexican army and commands the battalion, as he leads his men in battle and struggles with authorities on both sides of the border"
Superstar=2012-08-27=An average guy who works in a recycling plant wakes up one morning to discover that he's become inexplicably famous.
Almost Married=2014-03-28=When Kyle returns from his stag-do with a sexually transmitted disease, he's left unable to have sex with his fiancée Lydia in the run-up to their wedding.
Die Parallelstraße=1962-06-01="Feature-documentary ""pointing up a thousand facets of this world and probing to determine what may lie beneath the surface""."
Винни-Пух идет в гости=1971-01-01=This was the second of the Russian Winnie the Pooh series. This one had Pooh and Piglet visiting Rabbit for a meal with honey.
g@me.=2003-11-08=A young ad executive's life has been turned upside down when a vicious client ruins his three billion yen project. Through his chance meeting with the disgruntled daughter of his enemy, he plans a vengeance scheme. The young woman agrees to play the victim of his bogus kidnapping. The movie is based on the novel Geimu No Na Wa Yuukai ('The name of the game is kidnapping') by popular mystery novelist Keigo Higashino.
Sisters=1973-03-27=A journalist witnesses a brutal murder in a neighboring apartment, but the police do not believe that the crime took place. With the help of a private detective, she seeks out the truth.
泉=1956-02-26=A botanist woos the secretary of an industrialist whose company threatens the local water supply.
Ikke naken=2004-08-27=Selma's mother died giving birth to her, and Selma's step aunt is living proof that men only cause trouble. So the 11 year old girl makes a deal with her best friends that they will stay away from boys and dedicate their lives to science. And by the way, Selma was probably born on another planet and not meant to fall in love with anyone. But what happens when her friends break the pact, and she actually meets a boy who's not like the rest?
Un Giorno in pretura=1953-06-06="Magistrate (Judge) Del Russo presides over four cases brough before him during a period of one day. ""Adultery in 16mm"" focus on Elena who brings her salesman husband to court on charges of abandonment where he springs surprise evidence involving her affair with her lawyer. In ""The Priest and the Prostitute,"" Don Michele, a young priest, is charged with wrecking a pool room who claims he was robbed by Anna, a prostitute, and beaten by her pimp. In ""Indecent Exposure,"" Meniconi is a man arrested for indecent exposure who claims he was swimming in the nude and his clothes where stolen. The last case ""Lustful Lieutenant,"" involves Gloriana, a middle-aged prostitute, who's brought before Del Russo on charges of soliciting and who apparently knew Del Russo from a time years ago."
Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling=1986-05-02=In this film that closely parallels his own life story, Richard Pryor plays Jo Jo Dancer, a popular stand-up comedian who has severely burned himself in a drug incident. As he lies unconscious in a hospital, his spiritual alter ego gets up and begins a journey of his own. He revisits his life, from growing up in a brothel as a child and struggling to beat the long odds to become a top rated comedian. However, his success brings new problems as he develops a tragic pattern of substance abuse that begins to screw up his life. All the while, Jo Jo's spirit watches these events and attempts to convince his past self to turn off from his path of self destruction. Written by Kenneth Chisholm
The Skulls III=2004-03-23=A young college co-ed tries joining the elite, all-male, secret society, the Skulls, and in so doing, she uncovers some unscrupulous methods used by some of the members to get what they want.
The Club=1980-09-18=Boardroom and dressing-room intrigues spill on to the field at the Australian Rules football club.
Panic in the Skies=2006-10-13=The cockpit of a Boeing 747 is struck by lightning during takeoff for a flight to Europe, fatally injuring the flight crew. Laurie, the senior flight attendant, enlists the aid of passenger Brett Young. They determine that the autopilot can bring the plane in for a landing, but soon learn that the autopilot is locking onto the transponders of airfields at random, including signals from small airports with runways too short to accommodate the jumbo jet. Meanwhile, federal officials on the ground who have lost radio contact with the jet debate whether the plane should be shot down to prevent a more disastrous crash in a heavily populated area.
Belle Starr=1941-09-12=After her family's mansion is burned down by Yankee soldiers for hiding the rebel leader Captain Sam Starr (Scott) Belle Shirley (Tierney) vows to take revenge. Breaking Starr out of prison, she joins his small guerrilla group for a series of raids on banks and railroads, carpetbaggers and enemy troops. Belle's bravado during the attacks earns her a reputation amongst the locals as well as the love of Starr himself. The pair get married, but their relationship starts to break down when Sam Starr lets a couple of psychotic rebels into the gang, leaving Belle to wonder if he really cares about the Southern cause.
To Kill a Stranger=1987-11-18=Cristina Carver (Angelica Maria) finds herself in dire straits after she arrives to spend some time with her TV-reporter husband (Dean Stockwell) who is visiting a Latin American country run by a military dictator. After a car accident one day, Cristina brings the helpful Col. Kostik (Donald Pleasence) home and then kills him in self-defense when he violently attempts to rape and murder her. Terrified, she covers up her act and hides the body, yet in spite of her husband's efforts to protect her, a local police detective starts to figure out what really happened.
Hatari!=1962-06-19=A group of men trap wild animals in Africa and sell them to zoos. Will the arrival of a female wildlife photographer change their ways?
The Standoff=2016-09-20=At Big Jim’s Auto Depot there’s only one rule. The last man – or woman – standing wins. Eight teens enter, one teen leaves. Actually, all eight teens leave, but only one leaves with the ride of their dreams. To reach that dream, they’re going through a nightmare. Keep your hand on the car. That sounds simple enough, but two days of sleep deprivation and fierce competition can make things awfully hard.
La Cage=1975-06-10=The story of a woman who is suddenly visited by her estranged ex-husband. The ex-hubby wants to buy her country house, which she received in the divorce settlement. Instead he finds himself locked in a cage in the cellar.
地獄甲子園=2003-07-19=Battlefield Baseball is a tough game--it doesn't end until all the members on the opposing team are dead. In this game the Gedo High team is composed of blue-faced zombies, and their opponents on the Seido High team know they don't have a chance at beating them unless they can bring back a star pitcher who has a lethal pitch called the Super Tornado, but who has hung up his cleats and has no desire to return to the game.
God of Love=2010-06-12=A lovestruck, lounge-singing darts champion finds his prayers are answered -- literally -- when he mysteriously receives a box of love-inducing darts.
Jocks=1986-11-14=The coach of a college tennis team is given an ultimatum: put together a winning team, or else.
Morlang=2001-11-22=Inspired by true events, a chilling psychological drama. A couple's secret pact takes an unexpected, sinister turn.
The Lost Man=1969-07-11="A gang of black militants plots to rob a factory to finance their ""revolutionary struggle."""
La route d'Istanbul=2016-02-15=Elisabeth lives a quiet live in the Belgian countryside with her young adult daughter Elodie. After the divorce from her husband Elisabeth took care of her daughter on her own. When Elodie disappears over night and Elisabeth discovers that she travelled to Syria to join the Islamic State, she begins her journey to find her daughter.
The New Year=2010-07-30=A young woman is forced to return to her hometown to take care of her ailing father and, in turn, finds herself living a life she never imagined for herself.
American Son=2008-01-01=The story of a young Marine, fresh from Camp Pendleton, who is forced to confront the complexities of adulthood and a volatile home life during a four-day Thanksgiving leave.
ベクシル 2077日本鎖国=2007-08-18=2067: Isolation:  Japan seals herself off from the eyes of the world in the face of unilateral international policy setting strict limits on the use of robotic technology. The island nation exists only behind a veil of seclusion. No soul shall enter. No soul shall leave.  2077: Revelation:  The veil is breached. Japan is infiltrated by agents of the organization S.W.O.R.D., a fighting force operating outside of the protection of the United States and her allies. Their mission: Determine if the Japanese are developing banned robotic bio-technology, forbidden due to its threat to humankind. In the battle between machine and man, humanity stands to suffer most.
La Pianiste=2001-05-14=Erika Kohut, a sexually repressed piano teacher living with her domineering mother, meets a young man who starts romantically pursuing her.
Return to Nim's Island=2013-03-15=Fourteen year old Nim, more determined than ever to protect her island and all the wildlife that call it home, faces off against resort developers and animal poachers. Soon she realizes she can’t depend on her animal cohorts alone and must make her first human friend – Edmund, who’s run away to the island from the mainland – to save her home.
Unfaithful=2002-05-10=Connie is a wife and mother whose 11-year marriage to Edward has lost its sexual spark. When Connie literally runs into handsome book collector Paul, he sweeps her into an all-consuming affair. But Edward soon becomes suspicious and decides to confront the other man.
Bridge and Tunnel=2014-04-30=Unspooled through a series of vignettes, this slice-of-life tale follows a group of young college graduates who are forced -- because of a bleak economic environment -- to shack up with their parents and settle for low-paying jobs.
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band=1978-07-24=A small town band makes it big, but loses track of their roots, as they get caught up into the big-time machinations of the music biz. Now, they must thwart a plot to destroy their home town. Built around the music of the beatles, this musical uses some big name groups like Peter Frampton and Aerosmith.
Requiem for a Dream=2000-10-27=The hopes and dreams of four ambitious people are shattered when their drug addictions begin spiraling out of control. A look into addiction and how it overcomes the mind and body.
Five Graves to Cairo=1943-05-03=The British Army, retreating ahead of victorious Rommel, leaves a lone survivor on the Egyptian border who finds refuge at a remote desert hotel. He is helped by the hotel's owner, despite protest from the French chambermaid, afraid of the imminent arrival of Rommel and the Germans. John assumes the identity of the recently deceased waiter to survive.
Wild Times=1980-01-24=A sharpshooting saddle tramp (Hugh Cardiff) with a price on his head falls for the daughter (Libby) of a wealthy ranch owner. He vows to win enough money in shooting contests to win her father's approval, but when he returns years later, he finds she has married another man who is jealous of her affections. The husband (Vern) tries to have a murder warrant served on the drifter; shoots him in the back and hires a gambler to murder the man. None of these attempts on the drifter's life kills Cardiff. When the Libby leaves Vern, he goes gunning for the drifter, now the star of a Wild West show.
Lightning in a Bottle=2004-02-12="On February 7th, 2003, renowned artists across multiple music genres and generations commandeered the stage at New York City's Radio City Music Hall to pay tribute to their common heritage and passion - the blues. Shared with thousands of fans in attendance, legendary performers from roots, rock, jazz and rap joined forces for a once-in-a-lifetime ""Salute To The Blues"" benefit concert whose proceeds went to musical education."
Cold Harbour=2014-07-25=While investigating a smugglers' turf war in Cape Town, township cop Sizwe discovers police corruption. He must set loyalty aside to act with integrity, alone.
우는 남자=2014-06-01=Abandoned by his mother shortly after immigrating to America, Gon is raised by the mafia and grows up to become a cold-blooded hitman. Though usually flawless in taking out his targets, Gon makes a terrible mistake of killing an innocent young girl. Swamped by feelings of regret, guilt and shame, Gon no longer wants to be a hitman, but his boss gives him one last mission. So Gon finds himself in Korea, the land of the mother that abandoned him, on the trail of his last target. But in bitter irony, that target is Mo-gyeong, the mother of the dead child.
The Encounter=2010-05-03=When five strangers with nothing in common come together at a remote roadside eatery, they place their orders with the diner's omniscient owner, who seems to know everything about them ... and is eerily reminiscent of Jesus Christ.
The Tingler=1959-07-29="After much hard work, a pathologist discovers and captures a creature that lives in every vertebrate and grows when fear grips its host. ""Scream for your lives!"""
The Bespoke Overcoat=1955-11-01=Fender is a lowly clerk in the warehouse of clothing manufacturers Ranting and Co. His one ambition is to have an overcoat of his own. Refused one by the cold hearted Ranting he asks a tailor friend, Morry, to make him one instead, but dies of cold before he can take delivery of it. Unwilling to give up his only desire even in death, he returns as a ghost to persuade Morry to steal him the overcoat he so coveted in life.
One Direction: This Is Us=2013-08-28="Go behind the scenes during One Directions sell out ""Take Me Home"" tour and experience life on the road."
Manhattan Baby=1982-08-12=An archaelogist opens an Egyptian tomb and accidently releases an evil spirit. His young daughter becomes possessed by the freed enity and, upon arrival back in New York, the gory murders begin.
Bobby=2006-09-05=In 1968 the lives of a retired doorman, hotel manager, lounge singer, busboy, beautician and others intersect in the wake of Robert F. Kennedy's assassination at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles.
Comin' at Ya!=1981-07-24=A young couple's wedding ceremony is brutally interrupted when a pair of outlaw brothers arrive and massacre almost everyone in sight. They kidnap the beautiful young bride and leave her husband for dead. Luckily, he only sustains a flesh wound and quickly saddles up to track down the brothers before they sell his wife and a group of other women at an auction to a group of Mexican brothel owners.
Johnny Mad Dog=2008-05-20=A cast of unknown performers are used in this drama about child soldiers fighting a war in an unnamed African country.
La edad del amor=1954-01-09=Many years ago, a young aristocrat wanted to marry a famous singer, but his father destroyed the marriage before twediing, believing that singer is not suitable wife for future diplomat. After several years their adult children now met in the theater of Buenos Aires.
Hannah and Her Sisters=1986-02-07=Between two Thanksgivings, Hannah's husband falls in love with her sister Lee, while her hypochondriac ex-husband rekindles his relationship with her sister Holly.
Skyscraper Souls=1932-07-16=Skyscraper Souls is a Pre-Code 1932 drama film starring Warren William and Maureen O'Sullivan. The film was directed by Edgar Selwyn and is based upon the novel Skycraper by Faith Baldwin. The film depicts the aspirations and lives of several people in the Seacoast National Bank Building. Among them is David Dwight, the womanizing bank owner who keeps his estranged wife happy by paying her bills. His secretary Sarah wants him to get a divorce so they can marry.
