Caged=1950-05-19=Caged tells the story of a teenage newlywed, who is sent to prison for being an accessory to a robbery. Her experiences while incarcerated, along with the killing of her husband, change her from a very frightened young girl into a hardened convict.
The Rage: Carrie 2=1999-03-11=After the suicide of her only friend, Rachel has never felt more on the outside. The one person who reached out to her, Jessie, also happens to be part of the popular crowd that lives to torment outsiders like her. But Rachel has something else that separates her from the rest, a secret amazing ability to move things with her mind. Sue Snell, the only survivor of Carrie White's rampage twenty-two years ago, may hold the key to helping Rachel come to terms with her awesome, but unwanted power. But as Rachel slowly learns to trust, a terrible trap is being laid for her. And making her angry could prove to be fatal.
Neka ostane među nama=2010-03-10=Nikola is a man who knows how to really enjoy life; he's even able to rouse sympathy for his sinful ways. His brother turns a blind eye to his philandering although, with a broken marriage behind him, he doesn't have a clear conscience, either. Is there anything positive to be said about infidelity, or does it simply deserve the utmost contempt, particularly when it's more premeditated than spontaneous?
キサラギ=2007-06-16=The fanclub of a deceased Japanese idol gather together for the one year anniversary of her death. By combining forces they try to unearth the true circumstances surrounding her supposed suicide.
The Case for Christ=2007-01-01=Based upon the Gold-Medallion award-winning best-seller, The Case for Christ documents Lee Strobel's journey from atheism to faith through his two-year investigation of the Bible and the life of Jesus Christ.
Eye of the Cat=1969-06-18=A man and his girlfriend plan to rob the mansion of the man's eccentric but wealthy aunt. However, the aunt keeps dozens of cats in her home, and the man is deathly afraid of cats.
The Battle Of The Villa Fiorita=1965-05-26=Two British children travel to Italy in an attempt to break up their runaway mother's affair with an Italian concert pianist.
Backfire=1988-06-21=Mara McAndrew's marriage is falling apart. Her husband, Donnie, a Vietnam veteran, suffers troubling flashbacks about the war, leaving him unresponsive to her needs. Mara wants out, but she also wants Donnie's money. When Mara meets a mysterious stranger, Reed, at a local bar, she believes she has found the right person to help her out of her predicament. But Mara worries that Donnie's sister, Jill, is on to her.
Plunkett & MacLeane=1999-01-22="Will Plunkett and Captain James Macleane, two men from different ends of the social spectrum in 18th-century England, enter a gentlemen's agreement: They decide to rid the aristocrats of their belongings. With Plunkett's criminal know-how and Macleane's social connections, they team up to be soon known as ""The Gentlemen Highwaymen"". But when one day these gentlemen hold up Lord Chief Justice Gibson's coach, Macleane instantly falls in love with his beautiful and cunning niece, Lady Rebecca Gibson. Unfortunately, Thief Taker General Chance, who also is quite fond of Rebecca, is getting closer and closer to getting both: The Gentlemen Highwaymen and Rebecca, who, needless to tell, don't want to get any closer to him. But Plunkett still has a thing to sort out with Chance, and his impulsiveness gets all of them in a little trouble."
Bella Bettien=2002-04-17="The gripping story of the Dutch Bettien Martens, based on true facts. After making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992, Bettien was arrested at Piazza Navona in Rome as one of the targets of the International Police Operation ""Green Ice"". Bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies, many precious arrests were made. As of then, Bettien became a ""Pentita"" and now is a guest of the ""Witness Protection Program""."
As Cool as I Am=2013-06-21=A smart teenage girl comes of age in a small town with her self-centered parents who had her when they were teenagers.
Queen: Days of Our Lives=2011-05-29=In 1971, four college students got together to form a rock band. Since then, that certain band called Queen have released 26 albums and sold over 300 million records worldwide. The popularity of Freddie Mercury, Brian May, Roger Taylor and John Deacon is stronger than ever 40 years on. But it was no bed of roses. No pleasure cruise. Queen had their share of kicks in the face, but they came through and this is how they did it, set against the backdrop of brilliant music and stunning live performances from every corner of the globe. In this film, for the first time, it is the band that tells their story. Featuring brand new interviews with the band and unseen archive footage (including their recently unearthed, first ever TV performance), it is a compelling story told with intelligence, wit, plenty of humor and painful honesty.
Madly Madagascar=2013-01-29=Your favorite Madagascar pals are back in an all-new adventure! Alex's favorite holiday, Valentine's Day, brings hilarious surprises and excitement for the entire gang. Melman plans a big surprise for Gloria, Marty tries to impress a new friend and everyone wants to get their hands on King Julien's love potion. You'll fall in LOVE with Madly Madagascar!
La regina dei tartari=1960-10-05=The story of the Queen of the Tartars.
Intermezzo: A Love Story=1939-10-05=A concert violinist becomes charmed with his daughter's talented piano teacher. When he invites her to go on tour with him, they make beautiful music away from the concert hall as well. He soon leaves his wife so the two can go off together.
Annie's Garden=1997-10-14=In front of his 15-year-old son, a father loses his temper and strikes his younger daughter, thinking she's trying to run away from him. Jump ahead ten years: the dad is dead, the mom is gone, and the son, Luke, is raising his now grown sister, Annie. He's overprotective, and she seems blood simple, a coquette and an innocent. He runs the diner in town, and one day, Lisa, a callow writer-to-be, comes through from Manhattan, keeping a journal, looking for interesting people. She takes a shine to Annie and then to the muscular and well-read Luke. But what is their secret, how many of the townsfolk are in on it, and what will Lisa do when it all becomes clear?
Christopher Strong=1933-03-09=A romance develops between a happily married middle-aged British politician and an adventurous young aviatrix.
The Fall of the House of Usher=1928-12-31="In a decaying castle surrounded by a dank, mirrored lake live the morbidly nervous Roderick Usher and his sickly twin sister, Madeline. Their tale is told and dimly comprehended by the unnamed narrator, a boyhood friend whom Roderick has summoned. When Madeline soon dies—or seems to die—they entomb her body. On a stormy night, ""cracking and ripping"" sounds and a ""shriek"" from below convince the panicky Roderick that ""We have put her living into the tomb!"" The shrouded, emaciated figure of Madeline appears at the door of Roderick's book-strewn study, falls upon him, ""and in her violent and now final death-agonies, bore him to the floor a corpse."""
Son of Dracula=1943-10-05="Carpathian Count Alucard is invited to the U.S. by a young ""morbid"" heiress. Her boyfriend and local officials are suspicious of the newcomer, who is interested in the ""virile"" soil of the new world."
The Bleeding House=2011-04-20=The Smiths  -- a  family with a secret past -- are visited by a sweet-talking southern gentleman who is looking for small town humanity. But they'll soon find out that kindness towards strangers is not always rewarded, and the secretive stranger will find redemption does not always come easy.
They're Playing with Fire=1984-04-01=A married college professor decides to seduce her student, whom she hired as a handyman for her yacht. The hesitant student succumbs to his buxom professor, but their romance is interrupted by her corrupt husband and a masked murderer.
Mark il poliziotto=1975-08-01=Police believe that a respectable industrialist is actually the head of drug smuggling ring in Milan.
Císařův pekař – Pekařův císař=1952-01-04=Rudolph II, the Holy Roman Emperor, does not have a simple life. And yet he manages to complicate it even more with his frequent outbursts of anger. While he searches for a mythical Golem, an animated clay statue, Matthew the Baker is thrown into the dungeon for selling the special buns for the emperor to people. Matthew is accidentally mistaken for the emperor and takes his place. And when the Golem is finally found, it will complicate things beyond comprehension...
Butchered=2010-01-01="A group of teens decides to spend the weekend on a local island to say their final goodbyes before heading off to college. Little do they know, a convicted serial killer escapes from the authorities while on death row at a maximum security prison. Touted in the headlines of the local papers as ""The Butcher"" due to the manner he hacked up his victims in the local town deli, he takes cover on THE VERY SAME ISLAND. It becomes a battle for survival as the teens attempt to fight back against this unimaginable foe."
Tarde para la ira=2016-09-09=The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid labourer and a working single mother becomes a struggle for survival when the woman’s violent boyfriend returns from prison, in the gritty, suspenseful debut feature from Spanish actor Raúl Arévalo.
The Man Who Captured Eichmann=1996-11-08=Set in 1960, the story follows the efforts of the Mossad, the Israeli Secret Service, to find former SS Colonel Adolf Eichmann, who ran from Germany to Argentina and took the name Ricardo Clement. He was wanted for the murders of both Europeans and Jews during the Holocaust. Learning of Eichmann's living in Argentina, the Mossad sends a team to capture him, led by agent Peter Malkin. The standing order: bring Eichmann back alive to Israel for trial.
Space=1985-04-13=A 13-hour mini-series detailing James A. Michner's fictional account of the American space program from the years after World War II to the Apollo landings on the moon in the early 1970's.
Judge Priest=1934-09-28=Judge Priest, a proud Confederate veteran, restores the justice in a small town in the Post-Bellum Kentucky using his common sense and his great sense of humanity.
The Wrong Trousers=1993-12-17=Gromit finds himself being pushed out of his room and home by a new lodger who is actually a ruthless criminal (and a small penguin). The penguin is planning a robbery and needs to use Wallace and his mechanical remote controlled trousers to pull off the raid. However, Gromit is wise to the penguin and comes to the rescue.
L'età di Cosimo de Medici=1972-12-26=This is an exposition of the social and political history of renaissance Florentine history, told through dramatised conversations between the main participants, Cosimo de Medici and Brunelleschi.
In Passing=2011-09-27=In Passing is a collaboration between seven different filmmakers from around the world in response to Jesse Richards' 2008 Remodernist Film Manifesto.
Anna Karenina=1948-01-22=Stefan and Dolly Oblonsky have had a spat and Stefan has asked his sister, Anna Karenina, to come down to Moscow to help mend the rift. Anna's companion on the train from St. Petersburg is Countess Vronsky who is met at the Moscow station by her son. Col. Vronsky looks very dashing in his uniform and it's love at first sight when he looks at Anna and their eyes meet.
The First Deadly Sin=1980-10-03=A serial killer is stalking New York. Inspector Edward X. Delaney is an NYPD detective, nearing retirement, who is trying to put together the pieces of the case. Are the victims somehow linked? What does the brutal method of death signify?
Beep: A Documentary History of Game Sound=2016-04-04=A documentary of game sound from the Victorian arcades through to today, with a special focus on video game sound, but also including mechanical games and pinball. Beep is a feature film, but also a series of webisodes and DVD extras, a book, and a collection of resources found on the Beep website.
Beatrice Cenci=1969-11-13=In 1599 Italy, Beatrice Cenci is the teenage daughter of the crazed landowner and nobleman Francesco Cenci whom he keeps his daughter locked up in the dungeon of his castle and sexually abuses her as well. Beatrice then plots with her stepmother, her besotted servant Olimpio, as well as a local bandit, named Catalano, to plan Francesco’s murder.
No Orchids for Miss Blandish=1948-04-13=Filmed in England but set in New York, No Orchids For Miss Blandish tells of a sheltered heiress (Linden Travers) who is abducted on her wedding night by a trio of cheap hoods, in what starts out as a jewel robbery and turns into a kidnapping/murder when one of them (Richard Nielson) kills the bridegroom. More mayhem ensues as the three kidnappers soon end up dead.
My Mother's Courage=1995-09-12=The deportation of 4000 Jews from Budapest to Auschwitz in July 1944, as told by George Tabori, and how the narrator's mother escaped it, owing to coincidence, courage and some help from where you'd least expect it.
Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within=2001-07-02=Led by a strange dream, scientist Aki Ross struggles to collect the eight spirits in the hope of creating a force powerful enough to protect the planet. With the aid of the Deep Eyes Squadron and her mentor, Dr. Sid, Aki must save the Earth from its darkest hate and unleash the spirits within.
De helaasheid der dingen=2009-10-07=13-year-old Gunther Strobbe grows up surrounded by alcohol, trash and his completely useless father and uncles. Slowly but surely, he's being prepared for the same hapless life. Can he defy his destiny?
The Squall=1929-05-09=A fiesty and sexy gypsy (Myrna Loy) disrupts the lives of a conservative farm family.
Zir-e poost-e shahr=2001-02-04=Tuba works daily at a grueling textile factory in Iran, returning home every night to deal with the rest of her problematic family, which includes: a pregnant daughter whose husband beats her regularly; a teenage son, who's been getting into trouble due to his burgeoning career in radical politics; and an older son who goes to great lengths--such as attempting to sell the family's meager house--in order to get an engineering job in Japan as a means of getting out of Iran.
A Summer Story=1988-08-11="A bittersweet tale of lost love, based on a short story (""The Apple Tree"") by John Galsworthy."
ルパン三世=2014-08-30="Interpol Inspector Zenigata begins a world-wide hunt for the infamous thief Lupin The 3rd. But together, they face a powerful enemy and form the Lupin team in response. The Lupin team then faces the challenge of retrieving the ""Crimson Heart of Cleopatra"" locked away in a fort like safe. The treasure is thought to allow its owner to control the world."
The Rose Tattoo=1955-12-12=A grieving widow embarks on a new romance when she discovers her late husband had been cheating on her.
The Beast of Hollow Mountain=1956-08-01=An American cowboy living in Mexico discovers his cattle is being eaten by a giant prehistoric dinosaur.
Le scomunicate di San Valentino=1974-03-26=Lucita has been locked away in a convent by her family in order to keep her away from her lover, Esteban. The pair make plans to elope, but Esteban is accused of heresy before Lucita can escape. Hiding in the convent, Esteban discovers the horrifying depravity of the covent's abbess, Sister Incarnation. Can Esteban rescue his love from this madhouse before the inquisitor discovers what is going on and has everyone executed?
The Ghoul=1975-07-11=A former clergyman (Peter Cushing) in 1920s England tries to keep his cannibalistic son locked in the attic.
Elon Gold: Chosen and Taken=2014-04-15=With a manic wit that transcends race and religion, sharp-tongued comedian Elon Gold explores the ridiculous things people manage to get away with.
Juste avant la nuit=1971-03-31=A married man (Michel Bouquet) who killed the wife of his best friend during a tryst feels compelled to turn himself in.
The Naked Maja=1958-12-20=A historical fiction based on the lives of artist Goya and the Duchess of Alba
American Justice=2015-06-16=When the reckless actions of an out-of-control LAPD officer get his partner killed in a deadly hostage situation, he gets suspended from the police force and heads to Mexico to face off against corrupt cops.
Kokoyakyu: High School Baseball=2006-07-04=Kokoyakyu: High School Baseball is a documentary about making it to Koshien, the summer high school baseball tournament in Japan. The documentary follows two teams: Chiben Academy from Wakayama Prefecture and Tennoji Public High School from Osaka. The documentary covers what motivates the players and coaches, and also covers the cheer team and team managers who support the team.
21=2008-03-27=Ben Campbell is a young, highly intelligent, student at M.I.T. in Boston who strives to succeed. Wanting a scholarship to transfer to Harvard School of Medicine with the desire to become a doctor, Ben learns that he cannot afford the $300,000 for the four to five years of schooling as he comes from a poor, working-class background. But one evening, Ben is introduced by his unorthodox math professor Micky Rosa into a small but secretive club of five. Students Jill, Choi, Kianna, and Fisher, who are being trained by Professor Rosa of the skill of card counting at blackjack.
15: The Movie=2003-04-27=Fast, frenetic, and furious best describe the story of five teenage boys all but abandoned by the system, estranged from any parents, and discarded by life in general.  They build a world of there own in which gangs, drugs, fighting, body piercing, self-harm, and even suicide are considered commonplace.  The film highlights their harrowing place in time and this small world; where brotherhood is valued above all else.  Impressively acted by actual street kids, the movie highlights a gritty side of modern-day Singaporean life.
박쥐=2009-04-30=Sang-hyun (Song Kang-ho), a respected priest, volunteers for an experimental procedure that may lead to a cure for a deadly virus. He gets infected and dies, but a blood transfusion of unknown origin brings him back to life as a vampire. Now, Sang-hyun is torn between faith and bloodlust, and has a newfound desire for Tae-ju (Kim Ok-vin), the wife of his childhood friend.
Madame Sin=1972-01-15=A CIA agent is used as a pawn in an insane woman's plan to steal a Polaris submarine.
Beyond Sleep=2016-01-27=A young man's mythical quest for a stone that fell from the sky. He searches, stumbles and suffers as he traverses the sadistic universe of Northern Europe. He only finds redemption on the very edge of madness. Based on the iconic Dutch novel 'Nooit meer slapen' by Willem Frederik Hermans.
Trois=2000-02-11=Jermaine, a young struggling Atlanta lawyer, decides to spruce up his marriage with Jasmine, who's mentally recovering from an abusive previous relationship, by hiring Jade, a bisexual stripper/prostitute fighting a custody battle with her ex-husband for their four-year-old son, for a threesome menage-a-trois get together only to have all three of them suffer the after-affects when Jermaine begins acting possessive towards Jasmine and Jade which leads to Jade (or someone) stalking him and disrupting his private and professional life. Written by Matt Patay
Beröringen=1971-07-14=A seemingly happy Swedish housewife and mother begins an adulterous affair with a foreign archaeologist who is working near her home.
The Wooden Horse=1950-10-16=True story of three British POWs and their attempt to escape from Nazi Germany
アイアムアヒーロー=2015-03-23=Hideo Suzuki is a 35-year-old mangaka assistant, whose life seem to be stuck around his exhausting but low-paying job, unfulfilled dreams, strange hallucinations and unsatisfying relationships. He sees himself as a supporting character in his own life, has low self-esteem, resulting in frustration. One day, the world as Hideo knows it is shattered by the presence of a disease that turns people into homicidal maniacs, whose first instinct is to attack and devour the nearest human.
Une nuit terrible=1896-01-01=A man tries to get a good night's sleep, but is disturbed by a giant spider that leaps onto his bed, and a battle ensues in hilarious comic fashion.
Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss=1988-08-05=From Jean Shepherd (A Christmas Story) comes the story of 14 year old Ralphie's first job, and the family vacation the family is planning to a rustic fishing cabin on Lake Michigan. Originally made for the Disney Channel, this film is a delightful family comedy.
Stories of Lost Souls=2004-11-12=Seven (or six - depending on the version) short stories of conquest, desperation and the will to overcome.
Trucks=1997-01-01=Based on the short story by Stephen King, this tells the tale of trucks suddenly coming to life and attacking their owners.
The Little Prince=2015-07-29=Based on the best-seller book 'The Little Prince', the movie tells the story of a little girl that lives with resignation in a world where efficiency and work are the only dogmas. Everything will change when accidentally she discovers her neighbor that will tell her about the story of the Little Prince that he once met.
Männer=1985-12-19=A successful, womanizing middle-aged man decides to move out of the house he shares with his wife after she confesses to having an affair. He looks for a new place to live and ends up moving into his wife's lover's apartment as a roommate. The husband begins to take an interest in the artistic work of the lover and coaches him for a big job interview. Little does he know that the job he's helping the lover to get is within his own company... A story about strange circumstances and the limits of friendship.
Strings=2004-10-24=Strings is a mythological story about the son of a king, Hal Tara, who sets out on a journey to avenge the death of his father. To his surprise he discovers the truth of his own people - and where he least expects it - he finds true love.
Les seigneurs=2012-09-24=A former footballer living in Brittany enlists his old teammates to help the local fisherman to win some games in order to raise money and save jobs.
The Sklar Brothers: What Are We Talking About?=2014-04-29=Randy and Jason Sklar standup special recorded in Madison, Wisconsin.
Changement d'adresse=2006-06-21=In Paris, the emotional and professional tribulations of a musician and his roommate. Fraîchement installé à Paris, David, un musicien, timide et maladroit, tombe fou amoureux de sa jeune élève, Julia. Il tente tout pour la séduire. Sa colocataire, Anne, l'encourage, le conseille, et le console... passionnément !
Zombie Honeymoon=2004-01-01=Zombie Honeymoon is a gore-soaked exploration of how far the boundaries of true love can be pushed without reaching a breaking point.
The Squeeze=1987-07-10=Harry Berg is both a con artist and an actual artist -- he constructs large sculptures out of television sets -- but he is not particularly successful in either role. He owes some money, which gets him involved with Rachel Dobs, a police detective who works with a collection agency. When Harry comes into possession of a strange parcel, both the con man and the detective find themselves wrapped up in a sinister corporate plot to fix the lottery.
13 Going on 30=2004-04-13=After total humiliation at her thirteenth birthday party, Jenna Rink wants to just hide until she's thirty. With a little magic, her wish is granted, but it turns out that being thirty isn't as always as awesome as she thought it would be!
Rid Of Me=2011-11-18=A scathing black comedy of embarrassment that charts the emotional breakdown and rebirth of a woman ripe for self-discovery.
Hot Rods To Hell=1967-01-27=While on a business trip, Tom Phillips is in a car accident caused by a reckless driver.  Tom survives the accident with a severe chronic back injury which results in him not being able to continue with his current business. The Phillips' buy a motel in the California desert and Tom with his wife Peg and their two children, Tina and  Jamie make the long road trip to their new home. As they approach their destination they are terrorized by reckless teenage hot-rodders looking for kicks.
The Bride Walks Out=1936-07-10=Barbara Stanwyck takes top-billing as Carolyn Martin, a fashion model who hastily marries her boyfriend, engineer Michael Martin (Gene Raymond). But part of the marriage arrangement requires that Carolyn quit her $50-per-week modeling job to be a full-time housewife; the couple will instead live on Michael’s $35-per-week job.
飛鷹計劃=1991-02-07=Agent Jackie is hired to find WWII Nazi gold hidden in the Sahara desert. He teams up with three bungling women (the 3 stooges?) who are all connected in some way. However a team of mercenries have ideas on the ownership of the gold. A battle / chase ensues as to who gets there first. Lots of choregraphed Kung-Fu and quirky Chan humor.
Hotel Noir=2012-10-09=Los Angeles, 1958: a detective holes up in a downtown hotel awaiting killers to come get him. During the course of one night he will meet various occupants of the hotel and the truth of how he came to be in his present situation will be revealed.
めいとこねこバス=2002-01-01=Mei has an adventure with a Kittenbus and her relatives. Totoro appears.
Il tempo degli assassini=1975-12-27=As a gang of youths terrorizes a city, the weary chief of police finds himself caught between the citizens who cry for blood and a catholic priest who believes the boys will respond to kindness.
Shuffle=2012-03-20=Lovell Milo is a man who begins experiencing his life out of order; every day he wakes up at a different age, on a different day of his life, never knowing where or when he’s going to be once he falls asleep. He’s terrified and wants it to stop - until he notices a pattern in his experience, and works to uncover why this is happening to him - and what or who is behind it.
Last Cab to Darwin=2015-08-06=Rex is a loner, and when he's told he doesn't have long to live, he embarks on an epic drive through the Australian outback from Broken Hill to Darwin to die on his own terms; but his journey reveals to him that before you can end your life, you have to live it, and to live it, you've got to share it.
The Pardon=2013-03-22=Toni Jo tries to break her husband, Cowboy, out of prison and becomes an instant sensation due to her beauty.
The Craft=1996-05-03=A Catholic school newcomer falls in with a clique of teen witches who wield their powers against all who dare to cross them -- be they teachers, rivals or meddlesome parents.
Y'aura t'il de la neige à Noël?=1996-12-25=A woman and her seven children live on a farm in Southern France. In spite of the hard work and the mediocre accommodation, their life would be a happy one, but for one person: the owner of the farm, an egotistic and authoritarian individual who is also the lover of the woman and the father of all her children. The farmer handles them as his property, uses them as cheap labour to work in the fields, and denies them the right to leave the farm. It is only the love of the woman for her children that allows them to endure their situation; but even for her, disenchantment has set in. – IMDb
Rain or Shine=1930-08-15=Young Mary Rainey takes the reins of her deceased father's failing circus. With the help of the Inimitable Smiley Johnson, she hopes to bring fortune back to her ragtag band of ragged shoeleather performers.
Imagine I'm Beautiful=2014-01-01=Hoping to leave behind the trauma of her mother's death, a young woman moves to New York City, where she becomes close to her similarly haunted roommate -- until a disturbing revelation changes everything.
Dementia 13=1963-09-25=When her husband John has a heart attack while out in a rowboat on the lake, Louise Haloran throws his body overboard and later tells the family that he has left on an urgent business trip. Her main concern is that she can only inherit a part of the family fortune if if her husband is alive. The Halorans are a strange family, still grieving over the death of the youngest daughter Kathleen who drowned in a pond when she was just a child. They hold an annual ceremony of remembrance every year on the anniversary of her death. This year however, someone is wielding an ax intent on murder.
A Common Man=2013-06-30=A terrorist plants several bombs throughout the city of Colombo, Sri Lanka and threatens to detonate them unless prisoners are released.
War of the Worlds=2005-06-28=Ray Ferrier is a divorced dockworker and less-than-perfect father. Soon after his ex-wife and her new husband drop of his teenage son and young daughter for a rare weekend visit, a strange and powerful lightning storm touches down.
Marx Reloaded=2011-01-01=Marx Reloaded is a cultural documentary that examines the relevance of German socialist and philosopher Karl Marx's ideas for understanding the global economic and financial crisis of 2008-09. The crisis triggered the deepest global recession in 70 years and prompted the US government to spend more than 1 trillion dollars in order to rescue its banking system from collapse. Today the full implications of the crisis in Europe and around the world still remain unclear. Nevertheless, should we accept the crisis as an unfortunate side-effect of the free market? Or is there another explanation as to why it happened and its likely effects on our society, our economy and our whole way of life?
Stealth=2005-07-28=Deeply ensconced in a top-secret military program, three pilots struggle to bring an artificial intelligence program under control ... before it initiates the next world war.
ThanksKilling=2009-11-17=A homicidal turkey axes off college kids during Thanksgiving break.
Isdraken=2012-02-24=An adventure about Mick, aged 11, and his quest for a new home. Mick runs away on an ice dragon, owns a cat factory, befriends brothers Bengt and Bertil, falls in love for the first time and eventually finds his way home.
Flic ou Voyou=1979-03-28="When the local police inspector was found dead in a prostitute's house, police division commissioner Stan Borowitz is sent to investigate the situation. Posing as the prostitute's long-lost brother ""Antonio Cerruti,"" he discovers a mare's nest of police corruption. In fact, in this comedy thriller the whole town is corrupt. If they were closely examined, Stan's methods for pursuing this investigation might embarrass the police. For instance, he drives into a criminal's house in a fancy, expensive race car. In another incident, he callously blows up a casino owned by Musard , one of the town's crime bosses. On that occasion, he first forces Musard to remove his clothes, and the poor criminal watches his casino explode from across the square while standing naked in a phone booth. Meanwhile, Stan seduces the lovely Edmonde."
Standing Still=2005-01-02=A chain reaction of confrontations and romantic encounters occurs when college friends reunite for one's wedding.
Zeitgeist=2007-06-01=Zeitgeist: the Movie is a 2007 documentary film by Peter Joseph examining possible historical and modern conspiracies surrounding Christianity, the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and the Federal Reserve bank. It was officially released online on June 18, 2007 on www.ZeitgeistMovie.com
Homo Faber=1991-03-21=Walter Faber has survived a crash with an airplane. His next trip is by ship. On board this ship he meets the enchanting Sabeth and they have a passionate love affair. Together they travel to her home in Greece, but the rational Faber doesn't know what fate has in mind for him for past doings.
الشتا إللى فات=2013-08-23=Amr is a 35 year old man who wakes up one day to a very different Egypt. Amr rarely leaves home as he works from his place designing software. It is January 25, 2011 and Amr starts the day with news of protests all over Cairo and marches leading to Tahrir square. Something tells him that these protests will lead to major political change. Farah, a woman in her early 30’s, is a news anchor on Egyptian television. The news Farah gives her audience is very different from the news presented online or on international news channels.
Tarantulas: The Deadly Cargo=1977-12-28=An airplane carring coffee beans from South America has some unpleasant stowaways: a hoard of tarantulas which overcome the pilots as the airplane is flying over an orange-producing town in California. The airplane crashes, and the unlucky inhabitants of the town release the poisonous spiders into their midst. Once the town's officials discover that the tarantulas are responsible for several deaths, the tarantulas have already descended upon the town's only orange-processing factory. The town's citizens risk their lives to remove the tarantulas from the factory while the poisonous pests are rendered motionless by the transmitted sound of buzzing bees
Allegro=2005-09-30=Famous pianist Zetterström returns home to his native Denmark, to give a concert, just to find out that the choices he has made in his life have affected his love life greatly.
The Wind and the Lion=1975-10-26=At the beginning of the 20th century an American woman is abducted in Morocco by Berbers. The attempts to free her range from diplomatic pressure to military intervention.
The Immoral Mr. Teas=1959-01-01="Mr. Teas is a door to door salesman for dentists' appliances. Everywhere he goes he encounters beautiful ""well-developed"" nude women, which of course stir his interest. The only sound in the film is the voice of a narrator and a very monotonic musical theme played on the clarinet or some similar instrument."
Sarraounia=1986-07-01=On January 2 1899, starting from the French Soudan, a french column under the commandment of the captains Voulet and Chanoine is send against the black Sultan Rabah in what is now the Cameroun. Those captains and their african mercenary troops destroy and kill everything they find on their path. The French autority try to stop them sending orders and a second troop but the captains even kill the emissaries who are reaching them. Sarraounia, queen of the Aznas, have heared about the exactions. Clever in war tactics and in witchcraft, she decides to resist and stop those mad men.
'Twas the Night Before Christmas=1974-12-08=When a town learns that Santa Claus has struck it off his delivery schedule due to an insulting letter, a way must be found to change his mind.
Wayne's World=1992-02-14=When a sleazy TV exec offers Wayne and Garth a fat contract to tape their late-night public access show at his network, they can't believe their good fortune. But they soon discover the road from basement to big-time is a gnarly one, fraught with danger, temptation and ragin' party opportunities.
Endurance=1999-05-14=The gold medal for the men's 10,000-meter race in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics is won by Ethiopian Haile Gebrselassie.
Freaky Friday=2003-08-03=Mother and daughter bicker over everything -- what Anna wears, whom she likes and what she wants to do when she's older. In turn, Anna detests Tess's fiancé. When a magical fortune cookie switches their personalities, they each get a peek at how the other person feels, thinks and lives.
9/11: The Falling Man=2006-03-16=An examination of an image - a falling man from the North Tower, frozen in mid air - circulated by the press immediately after the September 11 attacks, the public's reaction, and why it was later deemed un-newsworthy.
Altiplano=2009-11-25=In the Andes, a Belgian doctor and his photojournalist wife become ensnared in a native tribe's struggle with a mining company.
Gunner Palace=2004-01-01="American soldiers of the 2/3 Field Artillery, a group known as the ""Gunners,"" tell of their experiences in Baghdad during the Iraq War. Holed up in a bombed out pleasure palace built by Sadaam Hussein, the soldiers endured hostile situations some four months after President George W. Bush declared the end of major combat operations in the country."
Milk=2008-11-26=The story of California's first openly gay elected official, Harvey Milk, who  became an outspoken agent for change, seeking equal rights and opportunities for all. His great love for the city and its people brought him backing from young and old, straight and gay, alike – at a time when prejudice and violence against gays was openly accepted as the norm.
The Perez Family=1995-05-12=In the midst of the Mariel boat lift -- a hurried exodus of refugees from Cuba going to America -- an immigration clerk accidentally presumes that dissident Juan Raul Perez and Dorita Evita Perez are married. United by their last name and a mutual resolve to emigrate, Dorita and Juan agree to play along. But it gets complicated when the two begin falling for each other just as Juan reunites with his wife, Carmela, whom he hasn't seen in decades.
Une Femme est une femme=1961-09-06=Exotic dancer Angéla attempts to have a child with her unwilling lover Émile. In the process, she finds herself torn between him and his best friend Alfred.
Orgy of the Dead=1965-01-01=Orgy of the Dead is an unrated 1965 film directed by Stephen C. Apostolof under the alias A. C. Stephen. The screenplay was adapted by cult film director Edward D. Wood, Jr from his own novel. It is a combination of horror and erotica, and is something of a transition for Wood, who began as a horror writer and later began writing pornography.
Torrente 2: Misión en Marbella=2001-03-30=For this second film in the cult comedy series Torrente takes our fat police officer from Madrid to Marbella in Spain to investigate a villain’s plot to destroy the city with a missile. This James Bond style slapstick comedy became the most successful box-office film in Spanish film history beating out only the first Torrente film.
The Face of an Angel=2014-09-06=Both a journalist and a documentary filmmaker chase the story of a murder and its prime suspect.
Brother Rat=1938-10-29=Story of three buddies at the Virginia Military Institute. Cadet Bing Edwards is secretly married and soon to be a father.
The Jackpot=1950-11-01=Jimmy Stewart's Bill Lawrence wins a bevy or prizes from a radio program, but ends up having to sell them all in order to pay the taxes he's incurred.
Прощание=1981-10-07=Matyora is a small village on a beautiful island with the same name. The existence of the village is threatened with flooding by the construction of a dam. This is the story of the inhabitants of Matyora and their farewell to their homeland.
Panorama pris d'un train en marche=1898-01-01=With the cameraman atop a moving train car the viewer is given a one minute glimpse of a French urban area.
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat=1999-11-07=A humourously musical retelling of the Biblical story of Joseph
Shadow Dancer=2012-02-12=Set in 1990s Belfast, a woman is forced to betray all she believes in for the sake of her son.
Dhadakebaaz=1990-01-01=Lakshya finds a bottle, which has Gangaram trapped in it who is his lookalike. He promises to make everything possible with the sand in the bottle, but once the sand is over he will be free to go.
Dr. Monica=1934-06-23=A prominent New York doctor (Kay Francis), unable to have a child, discovers her philandering husband (Warren William) has impregnated her best friend (Jean Muir). Director William Keighley's 1934 melodrama also stars Verree Teasdale, Emma Dunn, Phillip Reed, Louise Beavers and Ann Shoemaker.
殯の森=2007-05-24=A caregiver at a small retirement home takes one of her patients for a drive to the country, but the two wind up stranded in a forest where they embark on an exhausting and enlightening two-day journey.
Kuch Kuch Hota Hai=1998-10-16=Anjali is left heartbroken when her best friend and secret crush, Rahul, falls in love with Tina. Years later, Tina's young daughter tries to fulfil her mother's last wish of uniting Rahul and Anjali.
Interiors=1978-08-02=A look at a dysfunctional family dominated by the controlling madness of its matriarch, Eve. Her reluctant husband and their three daughters make doomed efforts to cope with Eve's demands, while also trying to get on with their own lives. But, all bets are off when an ebullient stranger enters the picture.
Bonnie Scotland=1935-08-23=Stan and Ollie stow away to Scotland expecting to inherit the MacLaurel estate. When things don't quite turn out that way, they unwittingly enlist in the Scottish army and are posted to India.
A 077, sfida ai killers=1966-02-24=When a trio of scientists who have discovered an alternative energy source starts dying mysteriously Bob Fleming goes to Casablanca to solve the mystery.
My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn=2014-09-18=A documentary directed by Winding Refn's wife, Liv Corfixen, and it follows the Danish-born filmmaker during the making of his 2013 film Only God Forgives.
The First Olympics: Athens 1896=1984-05-20=This movie describes the founding of the modern Olympics and concentrates on the creation of the American team and their trials in getting to the Olympics in Athens.
Flashback=1969-10-01=Heinz is a German soldier stationed as a sniper overlooking his own army from a tree. When he falls asleep, his troops are gone and he is left alone to defend the incoming enemy invasion. Flashbacks recall his wartime experiences and his transition from a human being into a sadistic murderer and rapist.
容疑者Xの献身=2008-10-04="A male corpse is discovered with a smashed face and burned hands. Strangely, the cause of death is determined to be strangulation. When Detective Kaoru Utsumi attempts to corroborate the victim’s ex-wife’s alibi she discovers the mysterious neighbor and only a few small clues to help her disprove a seemingly ""airtight"" alibi..."
They Live by Night=1948-08-06=The story of a petty criminal and his girlfriend who try to escape their gang after a double cross of the thieves.
The Keeper=2009-10-03=Roland Sallinger is an LA cop who after nearly being killed by his greedy partner, and eventually being forced to retire for medical reasons, flees to San Antonio, Texas, after being asked to work as a bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy businessman. The businessman had been a colleague of Sallinger years before, when they were both cops. When mobsters kidnap the businessman's daughter, he hunts them down to rescue her and protect her
La muralla verde=1970-04-04=A young couple forsakes their urban existence for life in the exciting but dangerous Peruvian jungle.
炎のらびりんす=2000-09-25=When Galan's princess girlfriend gives him the gift of an ancient sword, strange events unfold, and even stranger people drop out of the sky to attack. Now Galan must overcome his ineptitude and join a bunch of beautiful women in a wacky romp through a kingdom that time forgot.
Talking Funny=2011-04-22=What does it mean to be a successful comedian? How far can the boundaries of taste be pushed to get a laugh? Four top comics, Ricky Gervais, Louis C.K., Jerry Seinfeld and Chris Rock, discuss and debate their craft.
Cornelis=2010-11-12=”Cornelis” is the unique chronicle about one of Sweden’s greatest music legends - Cornelis Vreeswijk. An honest and gripping account of an exceptionally talented, but self-destructive artist’s intense life both on and behind the stage. A man who during his whole life was searching for love and confirmation.
Trees Lounge=1996-10-11=Tommy has lost his job, his love and his life. He lives in a small apartment above the Trees Lounge, a bar which he frequents along with a few other regulars without lives. He gets a job driving an ice cream truck and ends up getting involved with the seventeen-year-old niece of his ex-girlfriend. This gets him into serious trouble with her father.
Inferno=1953-08-12=A spoiled and alcoholic millionaire, Robert Ryan, breaks his leg falling off of a horse, and is left to die in the desert by his cheating wife, Rhonda Fleming, and her lover, William Lundigan.
The Shallows=2016-06-24=An injured surfer stranded on a buoy needs to get back to shore, but the great white shark stalking her might have other ideas.
The Exiles=1961-07-13="Native Americans in Los Angeles. For 12 hours one Friday night, from late afternoon until dawn, we follow a handful of urban Indians. Yvonne is pregnant, commenting on her life and dreams as she shops, walks home, cooks dinner, and watches her husband Homer leave with his friends. Homer and his pals go bar hopping, play some poker, and end up, bottles in hand, with other Indians on a hilltop. During the night, the men pick up women, there are fights, there's camaraderie, and Homer reflects on life in the city versus life on the reservation. At dawn, Yvonne watches Hector from a window as he and two pals and two women head somewhere. ""Let's do it again tonight,"" says one."
That Hagen Girl=1947-11-01=Mary Hagen lives in a small town in Ohio and goes to Jordon Junior College. For years, there has been whispers, rumors and gossip about who are her real parents. When Tom Bates returns to town, he takes over the house and practice that Judge Merrivale left him when he died. As Tom has been away a number of years, this leads to more gossip and Mary believes that he is her father. The popular and rich Ken loves Mary, but his family and friends constantly remind him that she is 'not one of us'. Julia, a teacher at school encourages Mary but Mary cannot get a break in anything she does, or is accused of doing. Tom knows the answer to her true identity, and he is silent.
Rabbit Test=1978-04-09=Lionel's life turns around after a one-night stand on top of a pinball table... he becomes the world's first pregnant man!
The Castle=1997-04-10=A Melbourne family is very happy living near the Melbourne airport. However, they are forced to leave their beloved home (by the Government and airport authorities) to make way for more runways. 'The Castle' is the story of how they fight to remain in their home.
00 Schneider - Jagd auf Nihil Baxter=1994-12-21="The funny clown Bratislav Metulskie is found dead in circus ""Apollo"". The retired commissioner 00 Schneider is asked to assume control of the case. Schneider and his aged sidekick Körschgen investigate to find the murderer."
The January Man=1989-01-13=Nick and Frank Starkey were both policemen. A scandal forced Nick to leave the force, now a serial killer has driven the police to take him back. A web that includes Frank's wife, bribery, and corruption all are in the background as Nick tries to uncover the secret of where the killer will strike next, and finally must lay a trap without the police.
The Breaking Point=1950-10-06=Based on the Hemingway novel To Have and Have Not. A fisherman with money problems hires out his boat to transport criminals.
지금은맞고그때는틀리다=2015-08-13=Quite by accident, a film director arrives in town a day early. With time to kill before his lecture, he stops by a restored palace and meets a fledgling artist. She’s never seen any of his films, but knows he’s famous. They talk, they go to her workshop to look at her paintings, and they have sushi and soju. More conversation follows, along with more drinks, and then an awkward get-together with friends where all sorts of secrets are revealed. All the while, they may or may not be falling for each other. Then, quite unexpectedly, we begin again, but now things appear somewhat different. An uncanny romantic comedy, RIGHT NOW, WRONG THEN is a deliciously intricate masterwork from filmmaker Hong Sangsoo.
Stalingrad=1993-01-21="""Stalingrad"" follows the progress of a German Platoon through the brutal fighting of the Battle of Stalingrad. After having half their number wiped out and after being placed under the command of a sadistic Captain, the Lieutenant of the platoon leads his men to desert. The men of the platoon attempt to escape from the city which is now surrounded by the Soviet Army."
Firepower=1979-04-27=A mercenary is hired by the FBI to track down a powerful recluse criminal, a woman is also trying to track him down for her own personal vendetta.
The Jigsaw Man=1984-08-24=Philip Kimberly, the former head of the British Secret Service who defected to Russia, is given plastic surgery and sent back to Britain by the KGB to retrieve some vital documents. With the documents in hand, he instead plays off MI6 and the KGB against each other.
The Slugger's Wife=1985-03-29=Darryl Palmer (Michael O'Keefe) is a major league baseball player who meets and pursues an attractive singer (Rebecca De Mornay). After some setbacks, the two are married and sent on an emotional journey that sees his career take off, while hers doesn't. When she gives up her dreams to support her husband, she can't escape her own unhappiness. With a separation on the horizon, Darryl must choose between his big-league life and his one true love.
Social Nightmare=2013-08-31=A student's chances of getting into a good college hang in the balance when inappropriate photos of her are posted on the Internet.
Death of a Nation - The Timor Conspiracy=1994-03-18=The sensational expose of the complicity of Britain, USA and Australia in the continuing genocide in East Timor.
Tomorrowland=2015-05-19="Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as ""Tomorrowland."""
Paradigm=1969-11-15=William Hoyland stars as a nameless protagonist who speaks to the camera in a fabricated language and, though the course of the film, transforms from young and verbose, to old and inarticulate.
Broadway Thru a Keyhole=1933-11-02=Racketeer Frank Rocci is smitten with Joan Whelan, a dancer at Texas Guinan's famous Broadway night spot. He uses his influence to help her get a starring role in the show, hoping that it will also get Joan to fall in love with him. After scoring a hit, Joan accepts Frank's marriage proposal, more out of gratitude than love. The situation gets even stickier when she falls for a handsome band leader during a trip to Florida. Can she tell Frank she's in love with someone else?
Passion Fish=1992-12-11=Soap actress May-Alice Culhane is paralyzed from the waist down in an accident. She returns to her old home in Louisiana, where she proceeds to drink quite steadily and to drive away five personal attendants in the first twenty minutes of the movie. Then she meets with Chantelle, whose stubbornness matches her own -- if only because Chantelle, herself a recovering cocaine addict, cannot afford to lose this job. Their mutual dislike gradually develops into an armed truce as the two women deal with their own problems and with each others'.
Faintheart=2008-01-01=A romantic comedy set in the world of battle re-enactments, about an irresponsible guy who has to shape up in order to win back his wife.
Along Came Jones=1945-07-19=An easy-going cowboy is mistaken by the townsfolk for a notorious gunman. The cowboy decides it would be best to leave town, until he meets the gunman's girlfriend.
En forårsdag i Helvede=1977-02-25=A Sunday in Hell (original title: En Forårsdag i Helvede) is a 1977 Danish documentary directed by Jørgen Leth. The film is a chronology of the 1976 Paris-Roubaix bicycle race from the perspective of participants, organizers and spectators.
No Looking Back=1998-03-27=Charlie returns to his old town where he meets his ex-girlfriend again and tries to get her back.
Трое из Простоквашино=1978-06-06=Little Fedor brings a cat to home despite his mother's distaste for cats. He runs away with his talking cat, to make more friends on the way.
Sexy Evil Genius=2013-04-09=A dark comedy about an eclectic group of strangers invited to a downtown bar by a mutual ex-lover, Nikki Franklyn, a maddeningly sexy, unpredictable and possibly insane young woman who's recently gotten out of prison for murdering her last ex-boyfriend. The party really gets started when Nikki herself arrives, hauling her latest lover and fiancee, the morally challenged lawyer who'd been handling her case. She's mysterious about her intentions and her current and former lovers soon realize they are all caught in one of her brilliant, mischievous mind-games with possible deadly consequences. By the night's end, revenge will be had, new romance will bloom, and Nikki will have delivered on her reputation as the sexy evil genius
D.O.A.=1988-03-18=Dexter Cornell, an English Professor becomes embroiled in a series of murders involving people around him. Dexter has good reason to want to find the murderer but hasn't much time. He finds help and comfort from one of his student, Sydney Fuller.
Twilight of the Ice Nymphs=1997-09-09=Peter Glahn is released after years of incarceration as a political prisoner and is now returning to his homeland, the mythical Mandragora where the sun never sets. On board the ship home, he meets the mysterious Juliana Kossel who vanishes after stealing his heart. Once he arrives on the island, he goes to the family ostrich farm run by his sister Amelia. He finds Amelia living with a farmhand named Cain Ball who fears that Peter's return will endanger the agreement he made with Amelia that will see him inherit the farm. Amelia has since fallen for the vain Dr. Isaac Solti who controls the island and has a hold on both Zephyr Eccles, the widow of a local fisherman, and Juliana, Peter's dream girl from the ship. Solti's true obsession is a recently discovered statue of Venus that possesses strange powers. All the characters meet at Solti's lab where the sexual tensions erupt.
Down Here=2014-01-01=When an alcoholic detective fights to find a murderer targeting street workers in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside, he struggles to escape the haunting memories of his past and unexpectedly finds solace within the fragile community he endeavours to protect.
Saratoga Trunk=1945-11-21=An opportunistic Texas gambler and the exiled Creole daughter of an aristocratic family join forces to achieve justice from the society that has ostracized them.
Crash! Che botte... strippo strappo stroppio=1973-11-29=Robert Wallace travels to Hong Kong to bust a gang of drug trafficker's. There he finds help from Tang and Suzy, as well as his fellow Supermen Max &amp; Jerry.
The Girl Said No=1937-09-18=Jimmie Allen, a shady bookie, is in love with Pearl Proctor, a greedy dance hall girl. He schemes to get her back after she rejects him; and along the way, he revives a failing Gilbert and Sullivan troupe.
Welcome to Mooseport=2004-02-24=A US president (Gene Hackman) who has retired after two terms in office returns to his hometown of Mooseport, Maine and decides to run for Mayor against another local candidate (Ray Romano).
Jim Henson’s Turkey Hollow=2015-11-21=Jim Henson’s Turkey Hollow follows a family who goes on a hunt for a Bigfoot-like creature called the Howling Hoodoo during a visit to the house of their kooky aunt (played by Last Man on Earth’s Mary Steenburgen). The Howling Hoodoo itself is difficult to find, but they come across some other monsters in the woods that they didn’t even know they were looking for.
Zorro contro Maciste=1963-12-13=The king of Nogara dies, leaving behind a will naming one of his nieces as his successor. Will it be blonde and virtuous Isabella or evil, dark-haired Malva? Each woman relies on a hero to locate the will. Malva hires the bare-chested strongman Samson while Isabella relies on the masked El Toro (a.k.a. Zorro) even though her heart belongs to the mild-mannered poet, Ramon. Malva's ruthless desire for the throne soon alienates Samson and he and El Toro then team up to bring about a proper resolution to the Nogara succession. Meanwhile, Isabella learns El Toto's true identity, an identity which both surprises and pleases her.
The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial=1988-05-08="A full-length adaptation, originally staged as a play, of the court-martial segment from the novel ""The Caine Mutiny""."
Historia de la meva mort=2013-10-23=Famous lover Casanova (Vicenç Altaió), now long past his prime, meets Count Dracula (Eliseu Huertas) during a journey to Transylvania.
Broken=2012-08-22=Three suburban English families' lives intertwine with tragic consequences.
イヴの時間 劇場版=2010-03-05="In the not-too-distant future, androids have come into common usage. Rikuo Sakisaka, who has taken robots for granted for his entire life, one day discovers that Sammy, his home android, has been acting independently and coming and going on her own. He finds a strange phrase recorded in her activity log, ""Are you enjoying the Time of Eve?"". He, along with his friend Masakazu Masaki, traces Sammy's movements and finds an unusual cafe, ""The Time of Eve"". Nagi, the barista, informs them that the cafe's main rule is to not discriminate between humans and androids. Within the cafe, androids do not display their status rings, and, when patrons depart, the door is automatically locked for two minutes to prevent someone from following them to discover their true nature."
Austin Powers in Goldmember=2002-07-26=The world's most shagadelic spy continues his fight against Dr. Evil. This time, the diabolical doctor and his clone, Mini-Me, team up with a new foe -- '70s kingpin Goldmember. While pursuing the team of villains to stop them from world domination, Austin gets help from his dad and an old girlfriend.
Окно в Париж=1993-12-01=Nikolai (played by Sergei Dontsov) has been fired from his job as a music teacher and has to live in the gym until he finds a place to stay. Finally, he gets a communal room in the apartment of Gorokhov (Victor Mikhalkov). The room's previous inhabitant, an old lady, has died a year ago, and yet her cat, Maxi, is still in the locked room, healthy and fat. Soon, Nikolai and his neighbours discover the mystery: there is a window to Paris in the room. That's when the comedy begins - will the Russians be able to cope with the temptation to profit from the discovery?
Hallåhallå=2014-02-07=Disa's husband has found himself a new love and a new future, while Disa has found herself in an unsatisfactory life. But one day a chatty father with seven children appearance, an uncommunicative patient at Disa's hostipal has begun to open up, and a new martial arts teacher has begun teaching in this small town in Dalarna.
Pitbullterje=2005-11-04=Jim is a 12-year-old outsider. One day Terje (an overweight boy who claims to own a pit bull) starts in his class. He considers Jim as his best friend, but the only friend Jim can get is the only friend he really doesn't want.
Perry Mason: The Case of the Skin-Deep Scandal=1993-02-19=The owner of a cosmetics company is unveiling a new cream which she claims she's been using. She's been keeping her age a secret and now reveals that she's 60 and owes her appearance to the cream. She's later killed and the formula missing. Her husband is arrested and Perry defends him.
Satree lek=2000-03-04=The two main characters, Mon and Jung, play two gay transvestites, who had been constantly overlooked by volleyball coaches because of their appearance. However, when a local team changes coaches, the new coach holds tryouts for a new team. When Mon and Jung are selected, most of the old players resign, leaving the new coach, Coach Bee, in a sticky predicament.
The Bride Came C.O.D.=1941-07-12=A financially-strapped charter pilot hires himself to an oil tycoon to kidnap his madcap daughter and prevent her from marrying a vapid band leader.
Vilaine=2008-11-12=They call her ugly. She's gonna act ugly.
Storm=2009-02-07=Hannah Maynard, a prosecutor of Hague's Tribunal for war crimes in former Yugoslavia, charges a Serbian commander for killing Bosniaks. However, her main witness might be lying, so the court sends a team to Bosnia to investigate
Revenge of the Stepford Wives=1980-10-12=A TV reporter arrives in the quiet town of Stepford to launch an investigation into why the town has the lowest divorce and crime rates in America. However, she begins to notice some bizarre behavior in the women of the town, discovering that Stepford is not as clean cut as it seems.
Private Romeo=2011-06-20=Romeo and Juliet has never been more provocative than in this contemporary all-boy staging. Writer/director Alan Brown transfers the setting from fair Verona to a high school military campus where a small group of boys from rival schools act out the tragedy in real life. This bold adaptation eschews convention and challenges common perceptions of masculinity, gay youth and the military. Anchored by solid performances, the film balances the tough dialogue, tender romance and unique setting with an erotic rhythm and a few surprising twists.
Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life=1998-02-13=Ayn Rand was born in 1905 in St. Petersberg, Russia. She escaped to America in 1926 amidst the rise of Soviet Communism. She remained in the United States for the rest of her life, where she became a much respected author of The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged. The themes of freedom and individualism were to be her life's passion...
Holiday Reunion=2003-11-23=Against the ardent wishes of his wife, eleven-year-old son, and sixteen-year-old daughter, ALBERT SNIDER (Judge Reinhold) is determined to have a festive family holiday. Albert doesn't seem to realize that his kids would rather stick needles in their eyes then spend time with their stuffy dad, and his wife is equally fed up by their dull life. When he receives an invitation from his long lost cousin Woodrow (Bryan Cranston), he decides to take his family out to the country for a down-home family holiday. However, Cousin Woodrow and his family turn out to be nuttier than a holiday fruitcake! What follows is a full course meal of nonstop laughs and holiday hilarity when the neurotic 'burbs clash with the hippy hicks from hell in National Lampoon's most outrageous family misadventure yet!
My Scientology Movie=2016-05-05=Following a long fascination with the religion and with much experience in dealing with eccentric, unpalatable and unexpected human behavior, the beguilingly unassuming Theroux won't take no for an answer when his request to enter the Church's headquarters is turned down. Inspired by the Church's use of filming techniques, and aided by ex-members of the organization, Theroux uses actors to replay some incidents people claim they experienced as members in an attempt to better understand the way it operates. In a bizarre twist, it becomes clear that the Church is also making a film about Louis Theroux.
Poison Ivy: The Secret Society=2008-07-27=A mysterious death of a young college student occurs late one night at a prestigious New England college...
El Lobo=2004-11-05=Based on a true story. In the 70s, during the last stages of Franco's dictatorship, Txema, a basque construction worker, is arrested because of his connection to some terrorists who have just committed a murder. The secret service see in him an ideal candidate to infiltrate the terrorist band ETA and become a mole, so they try to offer him a deal if he will do so.
Le Secret=2000-06-21=Marie, who works as a successful door-to-door encyclopedia salesperson, has been married to her husband Francois for 12 years and has a two-year-old son. Though she is relatively content with her life, she feels something is wanting. Enter 50-year old African-American Bill. Initially she is annoyed by his insouciance, but she finds that she is irresistibly attracted to him. Soon the two are in the midst of sordid illicit affair. She knows little about her new lover, and he seems uninterested in learning about her, but the long sessions of lovemaking are something else entirely. Feeling out of control, Marie is increasingly repelled by her own actions. Psychologically, she struggles to reconcile her torrid encounters with Bill and mundane domestic chores such as bathing her son. Moreover, she finds herself incapable of hiding her adulterous behavior, rather she comes home with scratches and hickeys all over her body, to the devastation Francois.
Shakespeare in Love=1998-12-11="Young Shakespeare is forced to stage his latest comedy, ""Romeo and Ethel, the Pirate's Daughter,"" before it's even written. When a lovely noblewoman auditions for a role, they fall into forbidden love -- and his play finds a new life (and title). As their relationship progresses, Shakespeare's comedy soon transforms into tragedy."
River's End=2005-01-01=Corbin plays a fictional Menard County sheriff who uses country savvy and cowboy logic to straighten out his angry teen-aged grandson, Clay, a high school senior who can't seem to stay out of trouble.
Ikarie XB-1=1963-07-26="In the year 2163 the starship Ikarie XB-1 (Ikarus XB-1) is sent to the mysterious ""White Planet"" orbiting the star Alpha Centauri. Travelling at near-light speed, the journey takes around 28 months for the astronauts, although the effects of relativity mean that 15 years will have elapsed on Earth by the time they reach their destination. During the flight the 40-strong multinational crew must adjust to life in space, as well as dealing with various hazards they encounter, including a derelict 20th century spaceship armed with nuclear weapons, a deadly radioactive ""dark star"" and the mental breakdown of one of the crew, who threatens to destroy the spacecraft."
Schatten – Eine nächtliche Halluzination=1923-10-16=During a dinner, given by a wealthy baron and his wive, attended by four of her suitors in a 19th century German manor, a shadow-player rescues the marriage by giving all the guests a vision what might happen tonight if the baron stays jealous and the suitors do not reduce their advances towards his beautiful wife. Or was it a vision?
Loaded=2014-03-08=Old friends reunite to accompany a friend on a road trip to rehab.
Hoje Eu Quero Voltar Sozinho=2014-03-28=Leonardo is a blind teenager dealing with an overprotective mother while trying to live a more independent life. To the disappointment of his best friend, Giovana, he plans to go on an exchange program abroad. When Gabriel, a new student in town, arrives at their classroom, new feelings blossom in Leonardo making him question his plans.
Possessed=1947-07-26=A dazed woman walks the streets of Los Angeles looking for a man named David. After collapsing in a diner, she's taken to the psychiatric ward of a nearby hospital. Flashbacks reveal her obsession for David as a result of borderline personality disorder which ultimately leads to murder.
Last Summer=2013-05-16=Luke and Jonah, two high school sweethearts, spend their final days together over the course of a long, quiet summer in the rural American South, contemplating their uncertain future and the uncertain future of America.
Nativity 2: Danger in the Manger!=2012-11-21=This sequel to the popular British comedy sees a new teacher (David Tennant) take over. When he enters his school in the National 'Song for Christmas' Competition, he and his pregnant wife, and the schoolchildren, embark on an epic road trip that ends up with a birth and a donkey, where he must embrace his fears and become a hero.
Once in a Lifetime: The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos=2006-01-01=In the 1970s the North American Soccer League marked the first attempt to introduce soccer to American sports fans. While most teams had only limited success at best, one managed to break through to genuine mainstream popularity - the New York Cosmos. The brainchild of Steve Ross (Major executive at Warner Communications) and the Ertegun brothers (Founders of Atlantic Records), the Cosmos got off to a rocky start in 1971, but things changed in 1975 when the world's most celebrated soccer star, the Brazilian champion Pele, signed with the Cosmos for a five-million-dollar payday. With the arrival of Pele, the Cosmos became a hit  and the players became the toast of the town, earning their own private table at Studio 54. A number of other international soccer stars were soon lured to the Cosmos, including Franz Beckenbauer, Rodney Marsh, and Carlos Alberto, but with the turn of the decade, the team began losing favor with fans and folded in 1985.
Just an American Boy=2003-06-07=A musical documentary film about the politically minded singer/songwriter Steve Earle.
Fango bollente=1975-09-20=The Savage Three are three young men, fresh into the world, who work together at a computer analysis company. All three appear to be calm, level-headed, well-educated young men with the world at their fingertips. They are best friends, working togther by day &amp; playfully carousing at night. Dominated by the Ovidio, played by the handsome Joe Dallesandro, the three young men soon evolve from well-mannered professionals to violent criminals.
The Eye Creatures=1965-10-29="Alien ""eye"" creatures invade a small town in this uncredited remake of ""Invasion of the Saucer Men""."
Beverly Hills Ninja=1997-01-17=Haru, an orphaned American who washes ashore in Japan and is mistaken for the great White Ninja of legend. Raised among the finest Ninjas, Haru grows strong and big - very big. With the grace of all Three Stooges rolled into one body, Haru is an embarrassment to his clan. But when a beautiful blonde pleads for his help, Haru is given one dangerous, disastrously funny chance to prove himself.
The End of Violence=1997-09-12=Mike Max is a Hollywood producer who became powerful and rich thanks to brutal and bloody action films. His ignored wife Paige is close to leaving him. Suddenly Mike is kidnapped by two bandits, but escapes and hides out with his Mexican gardener's family for a while. At the same time, surveillance expert Ray Bering is looking for what happens in the city, but it is not clear what he wants. The police investigation for Max's disappearance is led by detective Doc Block, who falls in love with actress Cat who is playing in ongoing Max's production.
Alice in Wonderland=1999-02-28=Alice follows a white rabbit down a rabbit-hole into a whimsical Wonderland, where she meets characters like the delightful Cheshire Cat, the clumsy White Knight, a rude caterpillar, and the hot-tempered Queen of Hearts and can grow ten feet tall or shrink to three inches. But will she ever be able to return home?
The Reincarnation of Peter Proud=1975-04-25=When college professor Peter Proud begins to experience flashbacks from a previous incarnation, he is mysteriously drawn to a place he has never been before but which is troublingly familiar. As if drawn to her by cosmic force, he soon finds himself unwittingly in the company of his previous incarnation's wife. This woman, Marcia Curtis, recognizes in Peter startling characteristics which he shares with her dead husband, Jeff. Even the sound of his voice seems at times to be that of the dead man. Peter becomes romantically drawn to Ann Curtis who is or was his daughter (Jeff and Marcia's daughter). Recognizing the incestuous nature of their relationship, Mrs. Curtis tries to keep the two young people apart. But how? Must she reveal the terrible secret of the final minutes she shared with her husband in order to keep this man from her (their?) daughter?
தனி ஒருவன்=2015-08-28=An idealistic cop and an ambitious scientist-businessman indulge in a high-stake battle of wits.
The Yearling=1946-12-18=Jody convinces his parents to allow him to adopt a young deer, but what will happen if the deer misbehaves?
Το γάλα=2012-10-10=The Greek movie has a family in its main focus and the trouble they're all in.
Mr. Klein=1976-05-08=Paris, 1942. Robert Klein cannot find any fault with the state of affairs in German-occupied France. He has a well-furnished flat, a mistress, and business is booming. Jews facing discrimination because of laws edicted by the French government are desperate to sell valuable works of art - and it is easy for him to get them at bargain prices. His cosy life is disrupted when he realizes that there is another Robert Klein in Paris - a Jew with a rather mysterious behaviour. Very soon, this homonymy attracts the close - and menacing - attention of the police on the established art trader.
The Debt=2010-04-11=Rachel Singer is a former Mossad agent who tried to capture a notorious Nazi war criminal – the Surgeon of Birkenau – in a secret Israeli mission that ended with his death on the streets of East Berlin. Now, 30 years later, a man claiming to be the doctor has surfaced, and Rachel must return to Eastern Europe to uncover the truth. Overwhelmed by haunting memories of her younger self and her two fellow agents, the still-celebrated heroine must relive the trauma of those events and confront the debt she has incurred.
The Girl from the Naked Eye=2012-06-15=Jake is a driver for a seedy escort service operating out of 'The Naked Eye strip club', he's a street thug type who falls for a witty high-class escort named Sandy. Except one night Sandy is found murdered, the only clues left behind are cell phone calls made the night she died. To avenge Sandy's death Jake must risk everything and walk a bloody path to find her killer.
The Hunting Party=1971-07-16=A ruthless rancher, and his gang, use extremely long range rifles to kill the men who kidnapped his infidel wife.
The Chosen One=2010-09-03=Paul is an ordinary man who is at the end of his rope. He hates his job, his beautiful wife has left him, and his mother and gay, Buddhist-monk brother constantly remind him of his shortcomings. Although Paul doesn't know it yet, his life is about to change in a big way.
Pot o' Gold=1941-04-03=Jimmy, the owner of a failed music shop, goes to work with his uncle, the owner of a food factory. Before he gets there, he befriends an Irish family who happens to be his uncle's worst enemy because of their love for music and in-house band who constantly practices. Soon, Jimmy finds himself trying to help the band by getting them gigs and trying to reconcile the family with his uncle.
Bravo Two Zero=1999-10-07=When an elite eight-man British SAS team is dropped behind enemy lines, their mission is clear: take out Saddam Hussein's SCUD missile systems. But when communications are cut and the team finds themselves surrounded by Saddam's army, their only hope is to risk capture and torture in a desperate 185-kilometer run to the Syrian border.  Based on the true story of a British Special Forces unit behind enemy lines during the Gulf War, Bravo Two Zero explores the tragedies and triumphs of men taken to the edge of survival in the Persian Gulf War.
We Are Legion: The Story of the Hacktivists=2012-01-20="""WE ARE LEGION: The Story of the Hacktivists"" takes us inside the world of Anonymous, the radical ""hacktivist"" collective that has redefined civil disobedience for the digital age. The film explores early hacktivist groups like Cult of the Dead Cow and Electronic Disturbance Theater, then moves to Anonymous' raucous beginnings on the website 4chan.  Through interviews with current members, people recently returned from prison or facing trial, writers, academics, activists and major players in various ""raids,"" the documentary traces Anonymous’ evolution from merry pranksters to a full-blown movement with a global reach, the most transformative civil disobedience of our time."
Strange Days=1995-10-13=Set in the year 1999 during the last days of the old millennium, the movie tells the story of Lenny Nero, an ex-cop who now deals with data-discs containing recorded memories and emotions. One day he receives a disc which contains the memories of a murderer killing a prostitute. Lenny investigates and is pulled deeper and deeper in a whirl of blackmail, murder and rape. Will he survive and solve the case?
Bravetown=2015-05-08=After an accidental drug overdose, a talented teenage DJ goes to live with his estranged father in a small Army town, where he gets to the bottom of his own pain and learns empathy for others.
The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman=1974-01-01=In February, 1962, as the civil rights movement reaches Bayonne, Louisiana, a New York journalist arrives to interview Jane Pittman, who has just turned 110. She tells him her story dating back to her earliest memories before slavery ended. In between the chapters of her life, the present-day struggles of Blacks in Bayonne, urged on by Jimmy, are dramatized.
Desierto=2015-04-12=A group of Mexican emigrants attempts to cross the Mexican-US border. What begins as a hopeful journey becomes a harrowing, bloody and primal fight for survival when a deranged, rifle-toting vigilante and his loyal Belgian Malinois dog chase the group of unarmed men and women through the treacherous borderland. In the harsh, unforgiving desert terrain, the odds are stacked firmly against them as they discover there’s nowhere to hide from the unrelenting, merciless killer.
The Dukes=2007-04-23=The Dukes,a Doo Wop group, were on top of the world at 17, now are struggling for survival in 2008. Their manager is desperately trying to get them work but is met with failure at every turn. Finally pushed to the extreme , they pull a heist only a fool would attempt, which leaves them even more desperate. When all seems lost, they find themselves.
Can't Help Singing=1944-12-25=With the California Gold Rush beginning, Senator Frost's singing daughter Caroline loves a young army officer; the Senator can't stand him, and has him sent to California. Headstrong Caroline follows him by train, riverboat, and covered wagon, gaining companions en route: a vagrant Russian prince and gambler Johnny Lawlor, who just might take her mind off the army.
God's Little Acre=1958-09-23=In the 1950s, a poor Georgia cotton farmer and his sons search for the gold presumably buried on the farm by their grandfather but problems related to poverty, marital infidelity, unemployment and booze threaten to destroy their family.
Zdravstvuyte, My Vasha Krysha!=2005-06-06=A comedy about the competition between two countryside businessmen.
The Shop Around the Corner=1940-01-11=Two employees at a gift shop can barely stand one another, without realising that they are falling in love through the post as each other's anonymous pen pal.
Pédale douce=1996-03-27="A closeted gay man's attempt to ""act straight"" for the sake of his job has unexpected consequences."
Flywheel=2003-01-01=Jay Austin wants to sell you a used car, but watch out! Many victims have fallen prey to his smiling face and hasty promises. Austin does everything his way until his dishonesty and manipulation are exposed. Like many men, he becomes disgusted by the masks he wears and the lies he tells. In every man's life, there can be a turning point. When Jay makes his turn, he never looks back.
Zeitgeist: Addendum=2008-10-02="Zeitgeist: Addendum premiered at the 5th Annual Artivist Film Festival. Director Peter Joseph stated: ""The failure of our world to resolve the issues of war, poverty, and corruption, rests within a gross ignorance about what guides human behavior to begin with. It address the true source of the instability in our society, while offering the only fundamental, long-term solution."""
Crashing=2007-01-01=It sounds like a budding writer's dream: a bestselling first novel, a luxurious house in Malibu, and a trophy wife... But it all unravels when writer's block and a failed marriage send Richard McMurray (Campbell Scott, The Exorcism of Emily Rose) out into the streets.
人在囧途=2010-06-04=A boss of a toy corporation, Chenggong Li, tries to head back to Chan Sar to celebrate the Chinese New Year with his family. However, plans don't go as smoothly after he crosses paths with a stranger, Geng Niu.
A Second Chance=2013-01-01=A young girl and her coach overcome adversity to make their way into the National Australian Gymnastics Squad.
John Rabe=2009-04-02=A true-story account of a German businessman who saved more than 200,000 Chinese during the Nanjing massacre in 1937-38.
La Antena=2007-04-17="La Antena (English: The Aerial, 2007) is an Argentine drama film, written and directed by acclaimed film director Esteban Sapir. The film features Alejandro Urdapilleta, Rafael Ferro, Florencia Raggi, and others. The movie begins with a pair of hands typing on a typewriter. The denizens of a nameless city ""in the year XX"" have lost their voices. People communicate by mouthing out words that are spelled mid-air. The only person who has kept the use of her voice is La Voz (""the voice""), a singer working for the sole TV channel broadcast in the city, run by Mr. TV, who desires La Voz. La Voz wears a hood over her head that hides away her face. She has a son called Tomás, an eyeless little kid who nonetheless also has a voice (although this is kept a secret). Tomás lives next door to Ana, whom he one day befriends after a letter addressed to his house is erroneously delivered to hers."
Knock Knock=2015-06-26=When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse.
House of the Rising Sun=2011-07-19=Ray, an ex-cop, is starting a new life looking to stay out of trouble. One evening, on Ray's watch, the nightclub he works for is robbed and the owner's son is shot dead. As his criminal past is exposed Ray hunts for the person responsible for this crime in an effort to clear his own name. Ray must get to the bottom of this as both the mob and cops start to close in on him as their target suspect.
Supernova=2000-01-14=Set in the 22nd century, when a battered salvage ship sends out a distress signal, the seasoned crew of the rescue hospital ship Nova-17 responds. What they find is a black hole--that threatens to destroy both ships--and a mysterious survivor whose body quickly mutates into a monstrous and deadly form.
Rude=1995-09-08=This is the Easter weekend. In an inner city project, three people struggle against their demons and try to find redemption. They are Maxine, a window dresser depressed since she had an abortion and lost her lover ; Jordan, a boxer who has indulged in gay-bashing ; and 'The General', a drug dealer turned artist.
Changing Lanes=2002-04-07=A rush-hour fender-bender on New York City's crowded FDR Drive, under most circumstances, wouldn't set off a chain reaction that could decimate two people's lives. But on this day, at this time, a minor collision will turn two complete strangers into vicious adversaries. Their means of destroying each other might be different, but their goals, ultimately, will be the same: Each will systematically try to dismantle the other's life in a reckless effort to reclaim something he has lost.
Attila Marcel=2013-11-06=Paul is a sweet man-child, raised — and smothered — by his two eccentric aunts in Paris since the death of his parents when he was a toddler. Now thirty-three, he still does not speak. (He does express himself through colourful suits that would challenge any Wes Anderson character in nerd chic.) Paul's aunts have only one dream for him: to win piano competitions. Although Paul practices dutifully, he remains unfulfilled until he submits to the interventions of his upstairs neighbour. Suitably named after the novelist, Madame Proust offers Paul a concoction that unlocks repressed memories from his childhood and awakens the most delightful of fantasies.
Heller in Pink Tights=1960-03-01=Nineteenth century Wyoming: the wild West. Mild-mannered Tom Healy has a two-wagon theater troupe hounded by creditors because Angela, his leading lady and the object of his affection, constantly buys clothes. In Cheyenne, they meet with applause, so they hope to stay awhile: the theater owner likes Angela, and she keeps him on a string. She's also the object of the attentions of Mabry, a gunslinger who's owed money by the richest man in Bonanza. Complications arise and the troupe heads for Bonanza, through hostile Indian territory. Is the troupe doomed to a peripatetic life, is Mabry in danger, and does Tom stand a chance with Angela, a hellion in pink tights?
We Go On=2016-03-05=WE GO ON tells the story of one man's quest to find out if there is more out there after we die. Paralyzed by his fear of dying, Miles Grissom offers a cash reward to the first person who can show him a ghost, an angel, a demon anything that can prove that we go on after our deaths. He narrows the responses down to three viable candidates a scientist, a medium, and a worldly entrepreneur. Along with his fiercely protective mother, he embarks on an adventure that will spiral into an unthinkable nightmare.
The 3 Rs=2011-09-21=One-minute short film, used as a trailer for the Vienna International Film Festival.
Carry On Screaming=1966-05-20=The sinister Dr Watt has an evil scheme going. He's kidnapping beautiful young women and turning them into mannequins to sell to local stores. Fortunately for Dr Watt, Detective-Sergeant Bung is on the case, and he doesn't have a clue! In this send up of the Hammer Horror movies, there are send-ups of all the horror greats from Frankenstein to Dr Jekyl and Mr Hyde.
Debug=2014-11-03=Six young computer hackers sent to work on a derelict space freighter, are forced to match wits with a vengeful artificial intelligence that would kill to be human.
Człowiek z marmuru=1977-02-25=Man of Marble is a Polish film about a student making a film about a bricklayer who was once idolized. She interviews people who knew him and finds old footage that lead to an unfolding mystery that causes her producer to cancel the project.
Constantine=2005-02-08=John Constantine has literally been to Hell and back. When he teams up with a policewoman to solve the mysterious suicide of her twin sister, their investigation takes them through the world of demons and angels that exists beneath the landscape of contemporary Los Angeles.
建黨偉業=2011-01-01=A chronicle of the events that led to the founding of the Chinese Communist Party.
Nothing But the Truth=2008-12-19=When reporter Rachel Armstrong writes a story that reveals the identity of a covert CIA operative, the government demands that Rachel reveal her source. She defies the special prosecutor and is thrown in jail. Meanwhile, her attorney, Albert Burnside argues her case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Hooper=1978-07-28=Burt Reynolds plays a legendary stunt man known as Sonny Hooper, who remains one of the top men in his field, but due to too many stressful impacts to the spine and the need to pop pain killers several times a day, he knows he should get out of the industry before he ends up permanently disabled.
Bad Influence=1990-03-09=Michael, a wimpy young executive, is about to get pulverized by a jealous boyfriend in a bar when a handsome, mysterious stranger steps in--and then disappears. Later that night, while jogging, Michael runs into the stranger on a pier. He introduces himself as Alex, and the two go out to an under- ground club. Alex wheedles his way into Michael's life and turns it upside down...
Why Did I Get Married Too?=2010-04-02=Four couples reunite for their annual vacation in order to socialize and to spend time analyzing their marriages. Their intimate week in the Bahamas is disrupted by the arrival of an ex-husband determined to win back his recently remarried wife.
Machete Maidens Unleashed!=2010-10-15=In the final decades of the 20th century, the Philippines was a country where low-budget exploitation-film producers were free to make nearly any kind of movie they wanted, any way they pleased. It was a country with extremely lax labor regulations and a very permissive attitude towards cultural expression. As a result, it became a hotbed for the production of cheapie movies. Their history and the genre itself are detailed in this breezy, nostalgic documentary.
Груз 200=2007-06-06=A young woman is taken hostage by a police officer and subsequently abused by the lawman gone mad.
Butter=2011-09-03=An adopted girl discovers her talent for butter carving and finds herself pitted against an ambitious local woman in their Iowa town's annual contest.
Serial Mom=1994-04-13=A picture perfect middle class family is shocked when they find out that one of their neighbors is receiving obscene phone calls. The mom takes slights against her family very personally, and it turns out she is indeed the one harassing the neighbor. As other slights befall her beloved family, the body count begins to increase.
Tycoon=1947-12-27=Engineer Johnny Munroe is enlisted to build a railroad tunnel through a mountain to reach mines. His task is complicated, and his ethics are compromised, when he falls in love with his boss's daughter
Déjà Vu=2006-11-22=Called in to recover evidence in the aftermath of a horrific explosion on a New Orleans ferry, Federal agent Doug Carlin gets pulled away from the scene and taken to a top-secret government lab that uses a time-shifting surveillance device to help prevent crime.
Margaret Cho: PsyCHO=2015-09-25=Three-time Grammy and Emmy nominated comedian Margaret Cho performs in front of a live audience in this provocative and hilarious comedy special event, tackling off-limits issues from Boko Haram to female empowerment with her razor sharp insight and wit.
A ciascuno il suo=1967-02-22=A leftist professor wants the truth about two men killed during a hunting party; but the mafia, the Church and corrupt politicians don't want him to learn it.
Джентльмены, удачи!=2012-12-26="The remake of famous Russian comedy ""Dzhentlmeny udachi"" (1971)."
Judwaa=1997-02-07=Mrs. Malhotra (Reema Lagoo) is the mother of twins, who were separated at birth, and she only has one son. Since then she has been in shock and confined in a wheelchair in the USA. Quiet and mature Prem, (Salman Khan) one of the twins, and his dad (Dalip Tahil) return to India together with Mrs. Malhotra to get Prem married to outgoing and percocious Mala (Karishma Kapoor), who is the daughter of Mr. Sharma (Kader Khan). There Prem meets with his twin brother very outgoing and percocious Raja (also Salman Khan), who looks like him, but is exactly the opposite in nature, A series of comic scenes result as a result of the twins getting together. Raja loves quiet and mature Roopa (Rambha), and both the girls are confused by the change they perceive in their respective lovers. To muddy the waters Tiger Ratanlal (Mukesh Rishi) has sworn vengeance against the Malhotra family for what they did to his dad (Deepak Shirke).
At First Sight=1999-01-15=A blind man has an operation to regain his sight at the urging of his girlfriend and must deal with the changes to his life.
The Bank=1915-08-09=In a departure from the tramp character, Chaplin plays a janitor at a bank. Edna Purviance plays the secretary on whom Charlie has a crush and dreams that she has fallen in love with him.
A Lot Like You=2012-03-28=What happens when a woman goes in search of her identity and discovers that the cycle of violence she's been working hard to break in the US is part of her family history and culture on another continent?
Soy Cuba=1964-09-06=An unabashed exercise in cinema stylistics, I Am Cuba is pro-Castro/anti-Batista rhetoric dressed up in the finest clothes. The film's four dramatic stories take place in the final days of the Batista regime; the first two illustrate the ills that led to the revolution, the third and fourth the call to arms which cut across social and economic lines.
The Farmer's Wife=2012-06-20=As her surroundings are invaded by outsiders, THE FARMER'S WIFE stoically carries out her daily tasks in preparation for what will be her final day on her farm, the only land she has known. Unable to accept this forced future, subconscious memories return that ultimately lead her to connect more to the countryside of her youth than ever before.
George Carlin: Jammin' in New York=1992-04-24="When George Carlin is asked which HBO concert is his favorite, his answer is always, ""Jammin’ In New York."" The show, taped at the Paramount Theater in Madison Square Garden and winner of the 1992 CableACE Award, is a perfect blend of biting social commentary and more gently-observed observational pieces."
House of Bones=2010-01-16=Psychic Heather Burton and a team of TV ghost hunters travel to investigate a haunted house surrounded by rumors of paranormal activity.
Countdown=2016-04-05=A madman captures a young boy and rigs him with explosives. Ray Fitzpatrick, still haunted by the loss of his own son, will defy orders to stop the clock and save a life
Colegas=1982-10-25=The plot follows the misadventures of two young friends who are forced into street hustling and ever-expanding life of crime when one impregnates the sister of the other and they need to get the money to pay for her to have an abortion.
Outside Ozona=1998-12-18=A drama revolving around a group of strangers brought together by a common occurrence as well as listening to the same radio station.
Authors Anonymous=2014-04-18=When a dysfunctional group of unpublished writers accept Hannah into their fold, the last thing they expect is her overnight success. Can these lovable misfits achieve their artistic dreams and avoid killing one another in the process?
Als der Weihnachtsmann vom Himmel fiel=2011-11-23=Christmas is just two weeks away, it is pouring with rain, and Ben is struggling to get into the Christmas spirit. Suddenly, Bens life takes a turn for the better when Santa Niklas Goodfellow and his Christmas caravan come crashing down to Earth in the middle of thunderstorm and land in Foggy Lane. Santa is on the run from the ruthless Gerold Geronimus Goblynch and his army of nutcrackers who have outlawed all of the old magical ways and have transformed the bright and peaceful Christmas world into a dark and hostile place, governed by greed and money. Goblynch has banned work for all Santas and confined the Christmas angels to tiny prison cells, where they can no longer hear the dearest wishes of children. Goblynch also wants to force Santa Niklas Goodfellow, the last real Santa, to work for his commercialized Christmas company and forces him to do hard labour in the ordering department of the Christmas Palace.
唐人街探案=2015-12-31=After being rejected from the police college, a mannerly man travels to Bangkok where he and an energetic distant relative must solve a murder case.
Sink or Swim=1990-09-30=Through a series of twenty six short stories, a girl describes the childhood events that shaped her ideas about fatherhood, family relations, work and play. As the stories unfold, a dual portrait emerges: that of a father who cared more for his career than for his family, and of a daughter who was deeply affected by his behavior. Working in counterpoint to the forceful text are sensual black and white images that depict both the extraordinary and ordinary events of daily life. Together, they create a formally complex and emotionally intense film.
Crumb=1994-09-10=This movie chronicles the life and times of R. Crumb. Robert Crumb is the cartoonist/artist who drew Keep On Truckin', Fritz the Cat, and played a major pioneering role in the genesis of underground comix. Through interviews with his mother, two brothers, wife, and ex-girlfriends, as well as selections from his vast quantity of graphic art, we are treated to a darkly comic ride through one man's subconscious mind.
The Details=2012-11-02=When a family of raccoons discover worms living underneath the sod in Jeff and Nealy's backyard, this pest problem begins a darkly comic and wild chain reaction of domestic tension, infidelity and murder.
All Things Valentine=2016-01-31=Avery, a blogger with a string of disappointing Valentine’s Days, is ready to give up on love when she meets handsome veterinarian Brenden. When Avery finds out Brenden blames his recent break up on her blog and is the one leaving her angry comments, she begins to question whether the bond they’ve began to build is a true love story or yesterday’s news.
Beaver Trilogy Part IV=2015-01-23=A chance meeting in a parking lot in 1979 between filmmaker Trent Harris and a young man from Beaver, Utah inspired the creation of an underground film that is now known as Beaver Trilogy. But the film itself is only part of the story.
Elegiya dorogi=2001-06-01=From a misty night into the dark exposition rooms of a museum to ponder philosophically at paintings by 'Pieter Jansz Saenredam' , 'Hercules Pieterszoon Seghers' , Hendrikus van de Sande Bakhuyzen, Andreas Schelfhout, Vincent van Gogh, Pieter Bruegel, Charles Henri Joseph Leickert.
Nora Roberts' Angels Fall=2007-01-26=A woman starts a new life in a small Wyoming mountain town after suffering a traumatic event on the other side of the country - but one day, she witnesses a murder in the woods......
Dancehall Queen=1997-10-10=Street vendor Marcia is scraping together a living in the ghetto section of Kingston, Jamaica. Her young daughter is being hounded by a rich sugar daddy who has been supporting the family; her brother's life is being threatened by a local thug. So, when the licentious patron threatens to abandon the family, and her brother breaks down under pressure, Marcia hits bottom. She needs to escape to a haven where she can get lost in fantasy; Marcia, don in sex-me-up clothing and outrageous glamour, finds refuge in the beats of the very dance hall outside of which she normally vends.
From the Dark=2014-04-14=The story centers on a young couple on a road trip through the Irish countryside who encounter an ancient force of evil.
Geri's Game=1997-11-24=An aging codger named Geri plays a daylong game of chess in the park against himself. Somehow, he begins losing to his livelier opponent. But just when the game's nearly over, Geri manages to turn the tables.
The Bible=2013-03-03=The Bible comes to life in History Channel's epic new miniseries. From Genesis to Revelation, these unforgettable stories unfold through live action and cutting-edge computer-generated imagery, offering new insight into famous scenes and iconic characters. Created by producer Mark Burnett and featuring an international cast that includes Roma Downey, this 10-hour docudrama explores the sacred text’s most significant episodes, including Noah’s journey in the ark, the Exodus and the life of Jesus.
Company Man=2000-03-09="Set in the 1960's, a school teacher pretends to be a CIA spy to get his nagging wife off his back. He helps a Russian ballet dancer defect and is then sent to Cuba to locate ""Agent X"" for the CIA."
'D'=2005-06-03=Deshu, a mechanic from Dubai, comes home to Mumbai, and gets embroiled in a crime by accident. The film shows his meteoric rise from common, law-abiding man to underworld kingpin. After his mother passes away, Mumbai-based Deshu returns from Dubai to condole his married sister, Kumud, and retired police constable father, but becomes embroiled with the police as well as the underworld after he witnesses a brutal homicide. Hounded by both the police and goons affiliated to Mangli, he decides to enter the criminal world of Hashimbhai, a rival of the later, and begins his career by killing Mangli. His rise in the gang is phenomenal, and his association with Bollywood beauty, Bhakti Bhatnagar, creates jealously amongst Hashim's sons, Shabbir and Muqarram, who also feel demoralized and threatened, and use every opportunity to instigate their father against him, while the Mumbai Police assign 'Encounter Specialist' Inspector Razaak the task of doing away with Deshu.
Goosebumps=2015-08-05=A teenager teams up with the daughter of young adult horror author R.L. Stine after the writer's imaginary demons are set free on the town of Madison, Delaware.
Banshee Chapter=2013-08-26=On the trail of a missing friend who had been experimenting with mind-altering drugs, a young journalist - aided by a rogue counter-culture writer, The Silence of The Lambs -- finds herself drawn into the dangerous world of top-secret government chemical research and the mystery of a disturbing radio signal of unknown origin. A fast-paced thriller blending fact and fiction, Banshee Chapter is based on real documents, actual test subject testimony, and uncovered secrets about covert programs run by the CIA.
Charlie Chan on Broadway=1937-09-22=Returning from European exile where she avoided testifying against her criminal associates, a former singer with a tell-all diary is murdered to insure her silence.
Up the Yangtze=2007-09-30="A luxury cruise boat motors up the Yangtze - navigating the mythic waterway known in China simply as ""The River."" The Yangtze is about to be transformed by the biggest hydroelectric dam in history. At the river's edge - a young woman says goodbye to her family as the floodwaters rise towards their small homestead. The Three Gorges Dam - contested symbol of the Chinese economic miracle - provides the epic backdrop for Up the Yangtze, a dramatic feature documentary on life inside modern China."
Fighting=2009-04-24=Small-town boy Shawn MacArthur has come to New York City with nothing. Barely earning a living selling counterfeit goods on the streets, his luck changes when scam artist Harvey Boarden sees that he has a natural talent for streetfighting. When Harvey offers Shawn help at making the real cash, the two form an uneasy partnership.
김종욱 찾기=2010-12-08="A woman named Seo Ji-Woo (Im Soo-Jung) traveled to India and met her first true love Kim Jong-Ok. Since that time Ji-Woo can't forget her first love. She then turns the company ""첫사랑 찾기 주식회사"" - which means literally ""Finding Your First True Love Company"" to help track down Kim Jong-Ok. Han Gi-Joon (Gong Yoo) started ""Finding Your First True Love Company"" and he takes on Seo Ji-Woo is the company's first client. The pair travel all over Korea to find Seo Ji-Woo's first love and &amp; in the process Han Gi-Joon falls in love with his first client ..."
Test pilota Pirxa=1979-05-27="This movie is about a rocket pilot named Pirx who is hired to go on a mission to evaluate some nonlinears (robots) for use as crewmembers on future space flights. Pirx and his crew, made up of nonlinears and humans, are sent out to launch two satellites into the rings of Saturn. Upon returning to Earth there is an inquest to determine if Pirx was responsible for the ""accident."" In the end, it is found that one of the robots caused the malfunction in an attempt to kill the human crewmembers and Pirx is cleared of all charges. In this tale Lem puts forth the idea that what is perceived a human weakness is in fact an advantage over a perfect machine. Pirx defeats the robot, because a human can hesitate, make wrong decisions, have doubts, but a robot cannot. A similar idea is present in Isaac Asimov's Robot Series, where putting a robot in a position where it cannot chose between the Three laws of robotics fries its positronic brain."
Voodoo Possession=2014-01-14=Imagine an insatiable demon that feeds on blood, thrives on pain, and reaches from beyond the grave to torment the living...and the dead. For believers and skeptics alike, there is nothing in this world or the next to rival the relentless evil of a Voodoo Possession. Burdened since childhood with a gnawing sense of guilt, cynical Aiden Chase journeys to a Haitian insane asylum in search of his missing brother. Upon arriving, he discovers all the inmates and the hospital administrator (Danny Trejo, Machete) are seemingly possessed by a bloodthirsty voodoo spirit. Now, Aiden must abandon reality and descend into a terrifying spirit world to try to rescue his brother - or they will both be damned for eternity.
Sex is Comedy=2002-06-05=A director struggles with a difficult sex scene between a young actor and actress who can't stand one another. Aided by her loyal assistant, she is hell-bent on getting the scene right without compromise.
Loophole=1954-03-28=Bank teller Mike Donovan (Barry Sullivan) takes the first step on the road to Perdition when he fails to report a $49,000 shortage. Accused of theft, Donovan is fired from his job. He is then prevented from finding other employment by Javert-like insurance investigator Gus Slavin (Charles McGraw). Despite many setbacks, Donovan attempts to clear his muddied name.
Follow the Fleet=1936-02-20=When the fleet puts in at San Francisco, sailor Bake Baker tries to rekindle the flame with his old dancing partner, Sherry Martin, while Bake's buddy Bilge Smith romances Sherry's sister Connie. But it's not all smooth sailing: Bake has a habit of losing Sherry's jobs for her; and despite Connie's dreams, Bilge is not ready to settle down.
Kirikou et les bêtes sauvages=2005-12-07=The film is a sub-story to Kirikou and the Sorceress rather than a straight sequel. The movie is set while Kirikou is still a child and Karaba is still a sorceress. Like Princes et princesses and Les Contes de la nuit, it is an anthology film comprising several episodic stories, each of them describing Kirikou's interactions with a different animals. It is however unique among Michel Ocelot's films, not only in that it is co-directed by Bénédicte Galup (who has previously worked with him as an animator) but also for each of the stories being written by a different person (in all other cases, Ocelot has been the sole writer and director of his films).
Kelebeğin Rüyası=2013-02-21=In a small Turkish town, two young tuberculous poets try to survive while publishing their poems. As they both fall in love, their life would never be the same.
Katedra=2002-10-18=The Cathedral (Polish: Katedra) is a 2002 short animated science fiction movie by Tomasz Bagiński, based on a short story by Jacek Dukaj, winner of the Janusz A. Zajdel Award in 2000. The film was nominated in 2002 for the Academy Award for Animated Short Film for the 75th Academy Awards.
Blind=1987-12-02=BLIND shows the educational programs and daily life of students in kindergarten through the 12th grade at the Alabama School for the Blind. The School is organized around the effort to educate blind and visually impaired students to be in charge of their own lives. Sequences in the film include mobility training, braille instruction and orientation as well as traditional classroom subjects such as English, history, science and music. Other sequences show psychological counseling sessions; vocational training; staff dealing with student disciplinary problems; and the wide variety of recreational and athletic programs.
Quincy Jones: Burning the Light=2016-06-02=This solo, one-hour, stand-up show is the culmination of a dream made public on The Ellen Degeneres Show after Jones was diagnosed with cancer.
The Little Kidnappers=1990-08-17=Loosely based on a '50's movie of the same name, it tells the story of two young orphan boys who travel by themselves from the Old country to join their father's family in Canada. There they encounter their stern disciplinarian grandfather who has alienated himself from some of his neighbors. There is particularly no love lost between the grandfather and his Dutch neighbors, who he generalizes as being responsible for his son's death in the Boor War. A side product of this animosity is that it is keeping apart the boy's aunt and her Dutch doctor suitor. The two boys change everything though when they find a young baby on the beach...
Corridor of Mirrors=1948-07-24=A man falls in love with a beautiful young woman and begins to suspect that he may have also loved her in a previous life.
Moontrap=1989-04-28=The Space Shuttle returns to earth, but some of the equipment brought back on it begins to behave strangely. Scientists are unsure what is happening, and decide to take all necessary precautions.
Scooby-Doo! and the Cyber Chase=2001-10-09=Scooby-Doo and the gang are trapped into a video game! So they follow up to Scooby Snacks to the last level and they met the cyber gang who just look like themselves. So, the cyber gang decided to help the gang to defeat the phantom virus.
Putin’s Kiss=2011-11-19=Masha Drokova is a rising star in Russia’s popular nationalistic youth movement, Nashi. A smart, ambitious teenager who – literally – embraced Vladimir Putin and his promise of a greater Russia, her dedication as an organizer is rewarded with a university scholarship, an apartment, and a job as a spokesperson. But her bright political future falters when she befriends a group of liberal journalists who are critical of the government, including blogger Oleg Kashin, who calls Nashi a “group of hooligans,” and she’s forced to confront the group’s dirty – even violent – tactics.
Moonlight & Mistletoe=2008-11-29=After three years, Nick's estranged daughter Holly returns home to find the spirit of Christmas in Santaville has dwindled, taking the family business with it. What starts out as an attempt to bail out her dad, ends up rekindling Holly's belief in Christmas all over again.
Three Wise Guys=2005-11-30=One December day around Christmastime I am in the city of Las Vegas talking to Harry the Horse about this and that, when I hear this yarn about a citizen by the name of Murray Crown (Tom Arnold), who runs a clip joint which he prefers to call a casino. It seems that this Murray Crown not only has the John Laws breathing down his neck, but it is also a fact that he is married to this doll called Shirley (Katey Sagal), who is known far and wide as the green-eyed type.
Mrs. Soffel=1984-12-26=Based on a true story, Mrs. Soffel is set in Pittsburgh near the dawn of the 20th century.  Peter Soffel (Edward Herrmann) is the warden of a top security prison, and his wife Kate (Diane Keaton) often comes by to read the Bible aloud to the inmates, despite her fragile health.  While making her rounds, she makes the acquaintance of the Biddle Brothers, Ed (Mel Gibson) and Jack (Matthew Modine), who are sentenced to death for murder and robbery.  Ed has become something of a celebrity thanks to his letter-writing campaign, in which he appeals in the letter-to-the-editor columns of the popular press to stay the execution of his brother and himself.  His good looks, intelligence, and charm make a strong impression on Kate, whose marriage offers her little excitement.  In time, Kate finds herself falling in love with Ed, and she discovers that she's unexpectedly receptive to his suggestion that she help him escape.
Cure for Pain: The Mark Sandman Story=2011-04-29="Gatling Pictures' ""Cure for Pain: The Mark Sandman Story"" examines the life and work of Mark Sandman, deceased frontman of Boston ""low rock"" band Morphine. From his Newton, Mass., roots to his travels across America and around the globe, Sandman left an indelible imprint as one of the most distinctive musicians of his generation. Along with revisiting the ""unique and sultry sound"" of his music, the film explores the meaning of family through this critically praised and personally conflicted singer, songwriter and innovative instrumentalist."
Fjorton suger=2004-10-29=Fourteen-year-old Emma goes to a party with friends of her brother's and ends up passed out on a bed with an older boy who takes advantage of the situation. Later her brother Markus senses that something is wrong, but Emma keeps her thoughts to herself. She has trouble dealing with her own emotions. But then she meets Aron, an easy-going guy who spends his days on a skateboard.
Cosa voglio di più=2010-04-30=Anna is an accountant for an important insurance firm and lives with her longterm lover Alessio - a man who longs for a stable longterm relationship with children, home, etc. Anna, feeling as though the fire has fizzled in that relationship takes up with co-worker Domenico and the two begin a passionate affair.
Thank You, Jeeves!=1936-06-30=Jeeves tries to keep his young master out of trouble.
Pilatus und andere - Ein Film für Karfreitag=1972-03-29=TV Drama from Wajda
21 Up=1977-01-01=After another 7 year wait, director Michael Apted revisits the same group of British-born children from Seven Up! and 7 Plus Seven. The subjects are interviewed as to the changes that have occurred in their lives during the last seven years.
The Far Country=1955-02-12=In 1896, Jeff Webster sees the start of the Klondike gold rush as a golden opportunity to make a fortune in beef...and woe betide anyone standing in his way! He drives a cattle herd from Wyoming to Seattle, by ship to Skagway, and (after a delay caused by larcenous town boss Gannon) through the mountains to Dawson. There, he and his partner Ben Tatum get into the gold business themselves. Two lovely women fall for misanthropic Jeff, but he believes in every-man-for-himself, turning his back on growing lawlessness...until it finally strikes home.
Le Clan des Siciliens=1969-12-01=Roger Santet is a convicted murderer sprung from prison by the Sicilian clan headed by the aging Vittorio Manalese. They conspire to steal a large cache of jewels from an exhibit in Rome. As they are preparing for the heist, the mobster's American friend Tony Nicosia suggests that a better way to get the rocks would be to hijack the transport plane while it is en route to New York. The dogged inspector Le Goff is using all the available resources to thwart their plans. Though the heist itself is successful, Santet finds himself trapped by the mob because of his fling with Manalese's daughter-in-law
Hearts Divided=1936-06-20=Napoleon Bonaparte's younger brother, visiting the United States, falls madly in love with a young woman he meets in Baltimore.
Lady Jane=1986-02-07=The death of King Henry VIII throws his kingdom into chaos because of succession disputes. His weak son Edward, is on his deathbed. Anxious to keep England true to the Reformation, a scheming minister John Dudley marries off his son, Guildford to Lady Jane Grey, whom he places on the throne after Edward dies. At first hostile to each other, Guildford and Jane fall in love. But they cannot withstand the course of power which will lead to their ultimate downfall.
Le Notti Bianche=1957-07-06=A lonely clerk attempts to win the love of a woman who still awaits the return of her long-absent suitor.
Go Go Tales=2007-05-23=A financial struggle between owners of a go-go club threatens its future.
12:01=1993-07-05="Office employee Barry Thomas is caught in a ""time bounce"" caused by a glitch in the company's secret project. Now the same day occurs again and again - and Barry's the only one who can do anything about it, including saving the life of beautiful research assistant Lisa Fredericks."
Love on the Air=2015-09-26=When a radio host gets dumped by her boyfriend on-air and soon has her break up exposed even further by a shock jock, she needs to regain her confidence while working with the same man who humiliated her in front of his viewers.
10.5=2004-05-02=An earthquake reaching a 10.5 magnitude on the Richter scale, strikes the west coast of the U.S. and Canada. A large portion of land falls into the ocean, and the situation is worsened by aftershocks and tsunami.
Alone in the Wilderness Part II=2011-12-02="Dick Proenneke's simple, yet profound account of his 30 year adventure in the remote Alaska wilderness continues in this sequel to ""Alone in the Wilderness"". Watch through his eyes as he continues to document with his 16mm wind-up Bolex camera, capturing his own amazing craftsmanship, the stunning Alaskan wildlife and scenery and even a visit from his brother Ray (Jake). His epic journey takes you on a vacation away from the hustle and bustle of today's fast-paced society, and is a true breath of fresh air."
Flag Wars=2003-05-01=Documentary of the effects of migration of white yuppie gays/lesbians into neighborhoods dominated by minorities. Focuses on disruptive effects to elderly residents.
Radical Grace=2015-04-28=Radical Grace follows three fearless nuns who risk their place in the Catholic Church to follow another higher calling: social justice. When the Vatican reprimands the sisters – citing their “radical feminism” – they become the spiritual and symbolic center of a battle for the heart of the Catholic Church. From their cross-country Nuns on the Bus tour, to serving those on the margins, to a continued struggle for women’s religious equality under Pope Francis, these sisters are transforming American politics — and the Church itself.
Into the Badlands=1991-07-24=A bounty hunter searches the west for a wanted outlaw named Red Roundtree.
Cine Holliúdy=2013-08-09=During the seventies, the massive arrival of television in the Brazilian countryside puts in jeopardy the business of running small movie theaters. Francisgleydisson is the owner of Cine Holliudy, and he must be extremely creative to keep his passion for cinema alive.
綫人=2010-08-26=Living in the guilt of sacrificing his informant in a previous operation, Criminal Intelligence Inspector Don Lee is wary when his superior orders him to send another informant to spy on the criminal operations of Barbarian, a vicious gangster plotting a jewelry heist. He seeks ex-convict Ghost, who agrees to work for Don despite vowing to go straight since he's desperately in need of money to repay a debt and save his sister. Ghost's driving skills help him infiltrate Barbarian's gang and earn his trust, but by feeding information to Don and hooking up with Barbarian's girlfriend Dee, Ghost is pushing himself into a tight and deadly corner...
Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?=1971-10-31="A demented widow lures unsuspecting children into her mansion in a bizarre ""Hansel and Gretel"" twist."
Granny O'Grimm's Sleeping Beauty=2008-01-01=Granny O'Grimm, a seemingly sweet old lady, loses the plot as she tells her version of Sleeping Beauty to her terrified Granddaughter
Amber Alert=2012-11-02=When a group of friends decides to follow a car they've seen posted on an Amber Alert, things start to go very wrong.
Jaane Hoga Kya=2006-08-31=A doctor obsessed with new technology and science, decides to clone himself when he comes in contact with a sponsor.
Gone=2012-02-23=Jill Parrish is trying to rebuild her life after surviving a terrifying kidnapping attempt. Though she is having a difficult time, she takes small steps toward normalcy by starting a new job and inviting her sister, Molly, to move in with her. Returning home from work one morning, Jill discovers that Molly has vanished, and she is certain that the same man who previously abducted her has returned for revenge.
Santa Baby=2006-12-10=Mary Class is a highly successful business executive - who just happens to be the daughter of Santa Claus. But when her father falls ill, Mary returns to the North Pole and the life she left behind to take over for her dad and implement her innovative ideas for running Christmas.
Reckless=1995-11-17=On Christmas eve, a relentlessly cheerful woman escapes from the killers hired by her husband, and embarks on a series of strange encounters.
Employees' Entrance=1933-02-11="Kurt Anderson is the tyrannical manager of a New York department store in financial straits. He thinks nothing of firing an employee of more than 20 years or of toying with the affections of every woman he meets. One such victim is Madeline, a beautiful young woman in need of a job. Anderson hires her as a salesgirl, but not before the two spend the night together. Madeline is ashamed, especially after she falls for Martin West, a rising young star at the store. Her biggest fear is that Martin finds out the truth about her ""career move."""
Frisco Jenny=1932-12-30=Frisco Jenny was orphaned by the 1906 earthquake and fire and has become the madame of prosperous bawdy house. She puts her son up for adoption and he rises to prominence as district attorney dedicated to closing down such houses. When her underling Dutton proposes killing the DA, she kills the underling and must face execution.
Mount St. Elias=2009-11-28=At an altitude of 18,000 feet, Alaska's Mount St. Elias is the destination for a trio of mountaineers determined to reach the mountain's summit, and to ski back down as well. Mount St. Elias documents their journey as they trek the fine line between bravery and madness.
The Kidnapping Of The President=1980-08-15=A South American quasi-revolutionary/guerilla/terrorist and a misled, admiring girl compatriot manage to kidnap the U.S. President during a diplomatic visit to Toronto. With a nondescript armored truck, crudely yet somehow elaborately rigged with high explosives (and the President trapped inside), the two terrorists keep the Secret Service at bay until in the end, Assanti is killed and Shatner has to find a way into the truck anyway.
Obecná škola=1991-08-01=The time is 1945-46. 10 year old Eda and his friend Tonda live in a small village outside Prague. In school, their class is so wild and indisciplined that their teacher quits and is replaced by the militant Igor Hnidzo. He is very strict - but also very just. His weakness is his interest in young women. Plot by Mattias Thuresson.
Odd Man Out=1947-01-30=Belfast police conduct a door-to-door manhunt for an IRA gunman (James Mason) wounded in a daring robbery.
The Savage Seven=1968-05-01="Biker gang leader Kisum (Adam Roarke) loves waitress Marcia Little Hawk (Joanna Frank). Her brother Johnnie Little Hawk (Robert Walker, Jr.), the leader of a group of American Indians disapproves. At various times these two groups are adversaries and allies. The two groups join forces but crooked businessmen scheme to have them at each other's throats again. The theme song ""Anyone for Tennis"" is by Cream. The Iron Butterfly are heard playing their classic ""Iron Butterfly Theme."" Producer Dick Clark and director Richard Rush made ""Psych-Out"" earlier in the year."
Growing Op=2008-11-21=The story of a teenage boy coming of age in a suburban grow-operation, where every day is paradise or fresh hell. But it's always a trip. Sheltered all his life and home-schooled by loving parents who are also committed criminals, Quinn Dawson yearns to experience the normalcy of the suburban world which surrounds him.
About Mrs. Leslie=1954-08-03=A lonely, unhappy owner of a Beverly Hills boarding house reflects on her lonely, unhappy life and the lonely, unhappy man she once loved. Director Daniel Mann's 1954 drama about lonely, unhappy people stars Shirley Booth, Robert Ryan, Alex Nicol, Marjie Millar, Eileen Janssen, Percy Helton, Ray Teal, Maidie Norman, Mabel Albertson, Ellen Corby, Harry Morgan, James Bell, Virginia Brissac, Laura Elliott, Philip Ober, Nana Bryant and Ian Wolfe.
The Ransom of Red Chief=1998-01-01=Two hoboes strike on a get-rich quick scheme to kidnap an overly-energetic 9 year old son of a local banker. Based on the classic story by O'Henry.
Rob Roy=1995-04-13=In the highlands of Scotland in the 1700s, Rob Roy tries to lead his small town to a better future, by borrowing money from the local nobility to buy cattle to herd to market. When the money is stolen, Rob is forced into a Robin Hood lifestyle to defend his family and honour.
National Lampoon's Vacation=1983-07-28=Clark Griswold is on a quest to take his family on a quest to Walley World theme park for a vacation, but things don't go exactly as planned.
Khuda Kay Liye=2007-07-29=The film is about the difficult situation in which the Pakistanis in particular and the Muslims in general are caught up since 9/11. There is a war going on between the Fundamentalists and the Liberal Muslims. This situation is creating a drift not only between the Western world and the Muslims, but also within the Muslims. The educated and modern Muslims are in a difficult situation because of their approach towards life and their western attire. They are criticized and harassed by the fundamentalists and on the other hand the Western world sees them as potential suspects of terrorism just because of their Muslim names.
Sword of Vengeance=2014-10-03=Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer – his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood?
Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore=1983-01-01=Winnie the Pooh and friends decide to throw a birthday celebration for gloomy, old Eeyore.
Il conformista=1970-10-21=A weak-willed Italian man becomes a fascist flunky who goes abroad to arrange the assassination of his old teacher, now a political dissident.
Sometimes a Great Notion=1970-12-31=Hank Stamper and his father, Henry, own and operate the family business by cutting and shipping logs in Oregon. The town is furious when they continue working despite the town going broke and the other loggers go on strike ordering the Stampers to stop, however Hank continues to push his family on cutting more trees. Hank's wife wishes he would stop and hopes that they can spend more time together. When Hank's half brother Leland comes to work for them, more trouble starts.
脳男=2013-02-09=A seemingly random series of bombings in a provincial city. The latest target is a public bus route. Detective Chaya chased terrorists and arrested a mysterious man with keen intelligence and physical power. The psychologist in charge of evaluating him is dr. Mariko. After the psychiatric examination, she puts toward a hypothesis – “Is it possible he was born without emotions?”
The River=1984-12-01=Farming family battles severe storms, a bank threatening to reposses their farm, and other hard times in a battle to save and hold on to their farm.
When Sparks Fly=2014-06-28=A big city journalist is sent back to her small hometown to write a Fourth of July story and discovers the life and love she left behind are exactly what she's been missing.
Everything=2004-10-08=A man visits a prostitute but just wants to talk. She goes along with it until he starts asking questions. Is he just a loner or is there a different reason for him to come here?
StreetDance 3D=2010-05-19=In order to win the Street Dance Championships, a dance crew is forced to work with ballet dancers from the Royal Dance School in exchange for rehearsal space.
Courage Under Fire=1996-07-04="A US Army officer had made a ""friendly fire"" mistake that was covered up and he was reassigned to a desk job. Later he was tasked to investigate a female chopper commander's worthiness to be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously. At first all seemed in order then he begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses...."
Shotgun Stories=2007-10-01=Shotgun Stories tracks a feud that erupts between two sets of half brothers following the death of their father. Set against the cotton fields and back roads of Southeast Arkansas, these brothers discover the lengths to which each will go to protect their family.
The Ugly=1997-08-26=A female psychologist wants to understand the minds of a confessed serial killer who spent the last five years in a mental hospital because of his state.
Camp X-Ray=2014-10-17=A young woman joins the military to be part of something bigger than herself and her small-town roots. Instead, she ends up as a new guard at Guantanamo Bay, where her mission is far from black and white. Surrounded by hostile jihadists and aggressive squadmates, she strikes up an unusual friendship with one of the detainees.
Gloria=2013-02-10=Gloria is a 58-year-old divorcée. Her children have all left home but she has no desire to spend her days and nights alone. Determined to defy old age and loneliness, she rushes headlong into a whirl of singles’ parties on the hunt for instant gratification – which only leads to repeated disappointment and enduring emptiness. But when Gloria meets Rodolfo, an ex-naval officer seven years her senior, she begins to imagine the possibility of a permanent relationship.
Twist of Faith=2013-03-09=Jacob Fisher, an Orthodox Jewish Cantor and amateur songwriter who resides in Brooklyn, New York, witnesses the senseless murder of his wife and three children. Catatonic, Jacob walks out on his Jewish mourning ritual, leaving behind his Jewish garments, wallet and keys. Abandoning his identity, he wanders aimlessly, hoping somehow to understand his tragedy. Fortuitously, he lands in Brent, Alabama (population 2,500), where he is embraced by Nina, a single mother and the lead singer of a small gospel choir, her Uncle Moe and their gospel community.
Last Summer in the Hamptons=1995-11-22="Filmed entirely on location in East Hampton, Long Island, ""Last Summer in the Hamptons"" concerns a large theatrical family spending the last weekend of their summer together at the decades-old family retreat which economic circumstances have forced them to put on the market. Victoria Foyt plays a young Hollywood actress whose visit wreaks havoc on the stellar group of family and friends - led by matriarch Viveca Lindfors and made up of an extraordinary mix of prominent New York actors, directors, and playwrights. In the course of a very unusual weekend, comic as well as serious situations arise, and the family's secrets - of which there are many - begin to unravel."
Lambert & Stamp=2015-04-03=In this crazy, chaotic gospel of chance, aspiring filmmakers Chris Stamp and Kit Lambert set out to search for a subject for their underground movie, leading them to discover, mentor, and manage the iconic band known as The Who and create rock 'n' roll history.
There's Only One Sun=2007-01-01=Wong Kar-Wai  reprises his futuristic mood from 2046 and waives a spy story of lush and betrayal to advertise Aurea, the new LCD technology by Philips.
Le Gentleman d'Epsom=1962-10-03=The story takes place in the racecourses around Paris. A so-called major sells his tips to naive characters.
Uitgesloten=2001-03-12=Uitgesloten is set in 1983. Jonathan is 18 and, just like his best friend Coen, he has grown up in the Jehovah's Witnesses. In this world with its strict rules, Jonathan and Coen however have their own ideas. Both have girlfriends, Marjan and Annemiek, who live in a very different world: the girls study at art school and mix with squatters. The boys do not tell their girlfriends about their background and they anxiously keep Marjan and Annemiek hidden from their own community. The friends lead a double life: they ring doorbells to distribute the Ontwaakt! and play in a band for the Jehovah's Witnesses, while they also visit ska concerts and squatters' bars and become increasingly caught up in the worldly life of Marjan and Annemiek.
Shaun the Sheep Movie=2015-02-05=When Shaun decides to take the day off and have some fun, he gets a little more action than he bargained for. A mix up with the Farmer, a caravan and a very steep hill lead them all to the Big City and it's up to Shaun and the flock to return everyone safely to the green grass of home.
Lady Oscar=1979-03-03=Oscar François de Jarjayes was born female, but her father insisted she be raised as a boy as he had no sons. She becomes the captain of the guards at Versailles under King Louis XVI and Marie Antonette. Her privileged, noble life comes under fire as she discovers the hard life of the poor people of France. She is caught up in the French Revolution, and must choose between her loyalty and love.
Tarzan II=2005-06-13=Experience the beginning of the legend with Disney's Tarzan Ⅱ, a hilarious, all-new, animated motion picture loaded with laughs, irresistible new songs by Phil Collins, and the inspired voice talent of Glenn Close, George Carlin, and Emmy Award winner Brad Garrett. Before he was King of the Jungle, Tarzan was an awkward young kid just trying to fit in. When one of his missteps puts his family in jeopardy, Tarzan decides they would be better off without him. His thrilling new journey brings him face to face with the mysterious Zugor, the most powerful force in the land. Together, Tarzan and Zugor discover that being different is not a weakness and that friends and family are the greatest strength of all. This action-packed adventure is sure to delight the entire family. Get ready to GO APE over Disney's wild, new Tarzan Ⅱ.
The Millionairess=1960-10-18=When her father dies, Epifania Parerga, an Italian in London, becomes the world's richest woman. She feels incomplete without a husband and falls in love with a humble, Indian physician, Ahmed el Kabir, much loved by his indigent English patients.
If I Stay=2014-08-21="Based on Gayle Forman's novel of the same name. ""If I Stay"" is the story of the gifted classical musician Mia and her boyfriend, Adam, an up and coming indie-rock star. Torn between two paths in life, her art or her relationship, Mia is forced to make an even starker choice between life and death when she is caught in a fatal car accident with her family one snowy morning in Oregon."
Jubilee=1978-02-01=Queen Elizabeth I visits late twentieth-century Britain to find a depressing landscape where life has changed since her time.
Vampire in Brooklyn=1995-10-26=Maximillian, the lone survivor of a race of vampires, comes to Brooklyn in search of a way to live past the next full moon. His ticket to survival is Rita, a NYPD detective who doesn't know she's half vampire -- and Maximillian will do whatever's necessary to put her under his spell.
Combat d'amour en songe=2000-08-28=Raul Ruiz's Love Torn in a Dream is introduced with a fake newsreel, taking place in postwar France, in which the cast of the film meet with the producer, who explains the film's complex weave of nine narratives. A diagram in which each story is represented by a letter of the alphabet explicates the intertwining of the nine tales. As the producer explains each actor's role, the film begins. The stories, rooted in folklore, bump up against each other as the film leaps back and forth in time.
Fei saa fung chung chun=2010-05-20=Roast Pork joins the triad as a young man and ends up becoming a trusted lieutenant of boss Kerosene. However, his true passion is in his successful chain of restaurants, his loving wife, and his two children. So when Kerosene wants to promote his trusted right hand man to the top of the organization as a way to take on his financial debts, it's understandable why Roast Pork would want to refuse. Roast Pork comes up with an intricate scheme with his men that would take himself out of the running, but Kerosene's intervention causes it to fail. When all hopes appears to be lost, lifelong gangster Sparrow is released from jail after serving a 20-year sentence for committing a gang-related murder that earned him a guarantee for the leader spot. However, Sparrow has made his own plans to stay out of the gang, setting off a battle of wits between the two men.
The Third Annual 'On Cinema' Oscar Special=2015-02-22=Tim Heidecker and Gregg Turkington proudly uphold the tradition of hosting the worst Oscar coverage show in history while awaiting the arrival of a legend of Old Hollywood.
クイール=2004-03-13="As a Labrador puppy, Quill is sent to live with a couple, Isamu and Mitsuko Nii, who work as volunteers, training guide dogs (seeing eye dogs). When he grows to an adult dog, he is taken to a guide dog school, by a friendly, yet firm trainer Satoru Tawada. Although Quill is a little slower than the other dogs at the school, he seems to have an unusual 'empathy' and remarkable patience with his trainers. Tawada decides that Quill would be the ideal guide dog for Mitsuru Watanabe, but Wanatabe, a lonely and ill-tempered middle aged man, isn't as enthusiastic - he would ""would rather sleep than be dragged around by a dog."". From here, the story is narrated by Wanatabe's daughter, Mitsuko, and slowly, Wantanbe is rehabilitated, venturing into the outside world, and learning, not only to trust other humans, but the animal at his side who guides him."
Nitro Circus: The Movie=2012-08-08=You will see Travis Pastrana and the whole Nitro Circus crew perform some of the most ridiculous, awe-inspiring, and simply insane stunts ever caught on camera. Coming to you in three dimensional glory, it will feel like you are there sitting shotgun with the crew.
Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi=2008-12-11=A lonely 40-ish man, likely to remain a bachelor, has a chance to find the love of his life when he falls for a vivacious young woman.
Cowards Bend the Knee=2003-01-01=Story of Guy Maddin, hockey player for the Maroons, and son of a local hairdresser/abortion doctor. Guy tries to overcome his own cowardice (and multiple head-knocks) as he navigates through a dream-like Winnipeg.
Jeff Dunham: Arguing with Myself=2006-04-11=Arguing With Myself, a recorded live performance of ventriloquist Jeff Dunham, portrays a comedian whose revival of an old-fashioned art has made ventriloquism more relevant to modern societal concerns. Starring his six main characters, from Bubba Jay, a Nascar-obsessed hick, to Peanut, a flamboyant gay monkey, Dunham’s puppets have dirty but relatively inoffensive senses of humor that mock the American Dream. His skills as a ventriloquist alone make him a fascinating entertainer, and anyone interested in how puppetry and ventriloquism has progressed over the decades would benefit from watching Dunham bring life to his wooden friends.
I Love Your Work=2003-10-05=A fictional movie star, Gray Evans, goes through the disintegration of his marriage, his gradual mental breakdown, and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds Gray of his own life before becoming famous. A dark psychological drama, I Love Your Work explores the pressures of fame and the difference between getting what you want and wanting what you get.
Sintel=2010-09-30=A wandering warrior finds an unlikely friend in the form of a young dragon. The two develop a close bond, until one day the dragon is snatched away. She then sets out on a relentless quest to reclaim her friend, finding in the end that her quest exacts a far greater price than she had ever imagined.
Rio, Zona Norte=1957-08-26=Setting up the gracefully jarring dichotomies that disrupt dos Santos’ otherwise “traditional” film, the opening credit montage features the discovery of a body on the train tracks while a cookie-cutter Hollywood soundtrack idly plays. The injured man is Espírito da Luz Cardoso (literally “Spirit of the Light”), a struggling composer whose sambas unite and uplift the marginalized Brazilian people in his midst. Based on the life of composer Zé Keti – who actually appears in the film as the popular singer Alaor – Espírito’s story unfolds through flashbacks which overflow luxuriously with song, yet also expose the manifold divisions within Rio’s social strata. A victim of exploitive businessmen who suck the life out of his music, Espírito witnesses each of his dreams dashed one at a time by unrelenting tragedy. - Harvard Film Archive
Mile... Mile & A Half=2013-06-01=In an epic snow year, five friends leave their daily lives behind to hike California's historic John Muir Trail, a 211-mile stretch from Yosemite to Mt. Whitney (the highest peak in the contiguous U.S.). Their goal - complete the journey in 25 days while capturing the amazing sights & sounds they encounter along the way. Inspired by their bond, humor, artistry & dedication, the group continues to grow: to include other artists, musicians & adventure seekers. Before they all reach the summit, hikers and viewers alike affirm the old adage - it's about the journey, not the destination. Mile... Mile & A Half is the feature-length documentary of that journey...
Burn=2012-11-01=A character-driven, action-packed documentary about Detroit, told through the eyes of the Detroit firefighters, the men and women charged with the thankless task of saving a city that many have written off as dead.
La hora fría=2006-10-06=The eight years boy Jesús has been living in a crumbling underground facility since he was born with eight survivors of an apocalyptical war: the leader Maria and her lover Pablo; the gays Lucas and Mateo; the astronomer Magdalena and the teenager Ana; the soldier Pedro and the lonely Judas. They are permanently is state of surveillance, threatened by the contaminated mutants The Strangers and once a day they have to lock themselves in their rooms without heating to protect against the dangerous ghosts The Invisibles that attack in the Cold Hour. They cannot go to the surface, destroyed by a nuclear war. When they need supplies, medications and ammunitions, they organize expeditions to a store. When the menace of The Invisibles affects the safety of the group of survivors, they need to reach the surface. Written by Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The Rise and Fall of a Jungle Giant=1958-01-01=A behind-the-scenes look at the building of the bridge in the film The Bridge on the River Kwai (1957) and the preparations for its destruction.
The Next Best Thing=2000-03-03=A comedy-drama about best friends - one a straight woman, Abbie, the other a gay man, Robert - who decide to have a child together. Five years later, Abbie falls in love with a straight man and wants to move away with her and Robert's little boy Sam, and a nasty custody battle ensues.
Keane=2004-09-03=A mentally ill man searches New York for his missing eight year old daughter. He recreates her steps each day hoping for some clue to her disappearance, until he meets and befriend a woman with a daughter the same age. Could she help him with the missing piece of the puzzle?
Killjoy 3=2010-09-14=The demon clown Killjoy is resurrected once again, but this time he is not given the name of his victim and is trapped in his realm. Using a magic mirror he lures four unsuspecting college students into his realm where he can have his macabre fun! A mysterious man returns and we finally discover who Killjoy's true target is!
The Possession=2012-08-30=A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale, unaware that inside the collectible lives a malicious ancient spirit. The girl's father teams with his ex-wife to find a way to end the curse upon their child.
El último verano de La Boyita=2009-11-05=Young Jorgelina feels estranged from her boy-crazy older sister, who has entered adolescence and doesn't want to hang around with little kids anymore. Finding refuge in their Boyita camper-van, Jorgelina travels with her father to the countryside, where her lifelong playmate Mario is undergoing some unexpected changes of his own.
Kaappari=2013-01-17=Aarno Lamminparras hijacked an airplane with a gun in 1978. A true story.
City Streets=1931-04-18="Gary Cooper is cast as a racketeer known only as The Kid. He has chosen a life of crime out of love for Nan (Sylvia Sidney), the daughter of mob henchman Pop Cooley (Guy Kibbee). Eventually railroaded into prison by her crooked cohorts, Nan implores The Kid to give up the rackets, but he refuses. Things go downhill very rapidly after that, culminating with The Kid and Nan being taken ""for a ride"""
Dances Sacred and Profane=1985-10-16="""Charles Gatewood is a photographer and anthropologist who specializes in ""subcultures."" On the evidence of ""Dances Sacred and Profane,"" Mark and Dan Jury's documentary about Mr. Gatewood, he is drawn particularly to Mardi Gras revels, gatherings of nudists and sex clubs. Bare breasts, elaborately tattooed bodies and bizarre behavior are featured in his work, and in the movie.  Addressing those who may find his subject matter ""revolting and disgusting,"" Mr. Gatewood asserts that it ""tells us something about ourselves."" He sees ""important statements being made there,"" about ""liberation through excess"" and ""some kind of actualization of transcendence."""
Salmonberries=1991-10-31=A young orphaned woman, named Kotzebue, is trying to find out who her parents are in the icy landscapes of Alaska. Kotzebue (K.d. Lang) is helped by a east-german librarian (Rosel Zech), whose husband was killed while fleeing from the GDR. Although both women could not be more different from each other, a fragile relationship forms.
George Carlin: It's Bad for Ya!=2008-03-01=It's Bad For Ya, Carlin's Emmy nominated 14th and final HBO special from March of 2008 features Carlin's noted irreverent and unapologetic observations on topics ranging from death, religion, bureaucracy, patriotism, overprotected children and big business to the pungent examinations of modern language and the decrepit state of the American culture.
Septic Man=2013-09-20=A sewage worker gets trapped inside a septic tank during a water contamination crisis and undergoes a hideous transformation. To escape, he must team up with a docile Giant and confront the murdering madman known as Lord Auch.
Ghostbusters II=1989-06-15=Five years after they defeated Gozer, the Ghostbusters are out of business. When Dana begins to have ghost problems again, the boys come out of retirement to aid her and hopefully save New York City from a new paranormal threat.
If Tomorrow Comes=1986-03-16=This mini-series focuses on two people, Tracy Whitney and Jeff Stevens. In the beginning, Tracy was an innocent, who was in love and pregnant, with the son of an affluent family. Obviously her family did not approve of her. She would sent ot prison for a crime she didn't commit. Eventually, she got released. She then set out to get back at the people who framed her. She would try to rebuild her life but her prison record would always be a hindrance. She would be offered a job, stealing jewelry. Jeff is con-man who thought he found true love, but when he learned that his wife did not feel about him as he did, decided to con some of her friends and divorce her. Their paths would cross when Tracy after stealing what she was contracted to, meets up with some policemen, one of whom is Jeff. Apparently her boss tried to double cross her but she manages to outwit them.
Parole Violators=1994-01-01=TV show host Miles Long, trades his camera in for a 9mm hand gun when his girlfriends daughter is kidnapped by a parolee that he put behind bars while on the police force.
Last Orders=2001-09-10=Jack Dodd was a London butcher who enjoyed a pint with his mates for over 50 years. When he died, he died as he lived, with a smile on his face watching a horse race on which he had bet, with borrowed money. But before he died he had a final request, 'Last Orders', that his ashes be scattered in the sea at Margate. The movie follows his mates, Ray, Lenny and Vic and his foster son Vince as they journey to the sea with the ashes. Along the way, the threads of their lives, their loves and their disappointments are woven together in their memories of Jack and his wife Amy
Rolling Papers=2015-03-15=On January 1, 2014, recreational marijuana sales began in Colorado. With all eyes on ground zero of the green rush, The Denver Post became the first major media outlet to embrace it and appointed the world’s first marijuana editor. Legalization is not just an experiment for society, but a risk for the dying industry of newspapers to hedge its bets on the booming business of marijuana. Ricardo Baca sets out to report on history in the making with a team of straight-laced staff writers and fish out of water freelancers in tow for The Cannabist as it unfolds. Policy news, strain reviews, parenting advice and edible recipes are the new norm in the unprecedented world of pot journalism.
Squadra volante=1974-04-24=A ruthless Interpol agent goes after the man who killed his wife in Stelvio Massi's crime thriller. A gutsy robber named Marseilles (Gastone Moschin) pulls off a tricky heist, but he's no match for agent Ravelli (Tomas Milian), a maverick who can't control his bloodlust. And this time, it's personal: Years earlier, the daring thief murdered the operative's wife in cold blood.
Halloween is Grinch Night=1977-10-29=When the sour-sweet wind starts blowing again, the Whos retreat to their homes because they know the Grinch will soon be a'prowlin. Young Eukariah Who has to make a trip to the Euphemism (outhouse), when the wind blows him away to a confrontation with the gruesome Grinch. Eukariah decides that the Grinch must be stopped, so he faces his fears and confronts the Grinch and his spooks.
This Is Where I Leave You=2014-09-10=When their father passes away, four grown, world-weary siblings return to their childhood home and are requested -- with an admonition -- to stay there together for a week, along with their free-speaking mother and a collection of spouses, exes and might-have-beens. As the brothers and sisters re-examine their shared history and the status of each tattered relationship among those who know and love them best, they reconnect in hysterically funny and emotionally significant ways.
Wing Chun=1994-03-24="Martial arts expert Wing Chun battles bandits in this magical film that provides as many laughs as it does wallops. Besides horse thieves, Wing Chun must deal with the men around her who simply can't handle a strong, independent woman. Ultimately, she must dish out ""lessons"" again and again and again until the respect for her remarkable skills is finally won."
Whiplash=2014-10-10=Under the direction of a ruthless instructor, a talented young drummer begins to pursue perfection at any cost, even his humanity.
Taste the Waste=2011-09-08=Documentary about how much food goes to waste in our society and why.
Locked In=2010-09-17=Josh leaves his advertising career at its peak, everyone wants either to be him or to have him. A car accident will leave his daughter in a strange coma and when everyone has given up she starts communicating with him, or is he going mad?
The Exonerated=2006-03-06=Six people tell their stories on a single subject - how they got wrongfully convicted to death penalty, but later got exonerated.
The Ouija Experiment=2011-05-05=Based on true events, five friends who fall prey to the evil entities of the Ouija board. As they set about filming their experimental session, what starts out as bit of fun, soon escalates into a terrifying series of events as paranoia and personal demons are revealed…. and recorded.
Das Millionenspiel=1970-10-18=A candidate in a game show is hunted by three men. He will get a Million DMark, if he survives for a week; the hunters will get the money, if they can kill the candidate. The audience of the show is watching the transmissions of twenty camera teams filming the hunt. The showmaster appeals to the TV-viewers to help either the candidate or the hunters, whomever they want.
Aitraaz=2004-11-12=Aitraaz revolves around the character Raj Malhotra (Akshay Kumar) a successful businessman who has everything going for him, including a lovely wife (Kareena Kapoor). Just when he thinks things can't get any better, Sonia (Priyanka Chopra) - his ex-girlfriend, now the boss's wife - walks back into his life - and she wants Raj at any cost.
The Harder They Come=1972-09-01=Wishing to become a successful Reggae singer, a young Jamaican man finds himself tied to corrupt record producers and drug pushers.
Condo Painting=2000-03-17=No overview yet.
City of Fear=1959-02-01=An escaped convict gets a hold of some radioactive material after his escape. Authorities desperately try to find the man that unknowingly is threating the lives of everyone in the city.
Brice 3=2016-10-19="Brice is back. The world has changed, but not him. When his best friend, Marius, calls for help, he goes on a wild adventure that will lead him to the other side of the world... Travel shapes youth but will he remain the king of the ""casse"" ?"
Gli orrori del castello di Norimberga=1972-02-25=A young man, Peter, returns to Austria in search of his heritage. There he visits the castle of an ancestor, a sadistic Baron who was cursed to a violent death by a witch whom the Baron had burned at the stake. Peter reads aloud the incantation that causes Baron Blood to return and continue his murderous tortures.
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea=1954-12-23=A ship sent to investigate a wave of mysterious sinkings encounters the advanced submarine, the Nautilus, commanded by Captain Nemo.
Dellamorte Dellamore=1994-03-25="A cemetery man has the unusual problem of the dead rising from the grave. Himself and his assistant must end these creatures' lives again after they are reborn. Everything is going well until ""She"" comes along and stirs things up a bit."
Bomba and the Jungle Girl=1952-12-07=Bomba decides to find out who his parents were. He starts with Cody Casson's diary and follows the trail to a native village. An ancient blind woman tells him his parents and the village's true ruler were murdered by the current chieftain and his daughter.
La nuit des étoiles filantes=1973-11-15=A girl arrives from London to visit her estranged relatives in a remote castle for the reading of her father's will. After a while she discovers that they are all in fact dead and her decision to live with them turns into a nightmare. Unable to leave she's drawn into a macabre underworld through visions of nude satanic rituals and her own impending sacrifice.
Teen Beach 2=2015-06-26="Dive in and rock out with the hottest surf sequel under the sun! Now that summer's over and school has begun, Brady (Ross Lynch) and Mack's (Maia Mitchell) relationship seems headed for a wipeout — until Lela, Tanner and the ""Wet Side Story"" kids show up! Dazzled by the novelty and variety of the modern world, Lela wants to stay, but the real world and the ""reel"" world just don't mix. Can Mack and Brady find the magic to get the kids home and get their own romance back on track before it's too late? Packed with electrifying song &amp; dance numbers and hilarious fish-out-of-water wackiness, ""Teen Beach 2"" is ""wow-abunga"" fun for everyone!"
Complicity=2013-10-07=When a seemingly fun party goes horribly awry, a group of teenagers must decide their fates.
El Otro=2007-05-10=Arriving at a distant town, a businessman decides to take the identity of a passenger who died during the bus trip.
Hurt=2009-11-10=There are terrible things happening in the desert...unexplainable, frightening things. Tragic, inexplicable incidents… ever since she arrived.
The Eagle Has Landed=1976-12-24=When the Nazi high command learns in late 1943 that Winston Churchill will be spending time at a country estate in Norfolk, it hatches an audacious scheme to kidnap the prime minister and spirit him to Germany for enforced negotiations with Hitler.
Nekem lámpást adott kezembe az Úr Pesten=1999-01-28=In the Kerepesi Street cemetery, three grave diggers contemplate the fate of the world, then they step out of this role and in a sequence of episodes they play the typical figures of contemporary Hungarian reality, the fat cat, the swashbuckler, the victim, underworld chieftains, and present little absurd dramas of love, marriage, friendship, public order and legal safety. The author and the film director walk among them all the time, contemplating, laughing at their plays. The stories starting from the graveyard and returning there warn of the inevitability of death. The author and the director (Gyula Hernádi and Miklós Jancsó) wisely make friends with death.
40 Carats=1973-06-28=A forty year old woman who was vacationing in Greece meets a twenty-two year old, who was also on vacation. They spend the night together and she leaves him while he was sleeping. She then returns to New York and she is stunned to learn that her daughter's boyfriend is him. He then pursues her, and she is uncertain of what to do.
Turné=1990-04-06=Two actors leave on a theatrical tour, but there is a matter to be settled: one has become the lover of the other's girl-friend and since they are very good friends, cannot bring himself to tell him,
Arena=1989-03-29=An intergalactic fighting competition between champions of various worlds has traditionally been won by a species much larger and stronger than humans. Entering the contest, a human finds he has to battle against not just his opponents and his self-doubts, but the corrupt system. Far in the future, on a distant space station, the legendary Arena is where the best fighters from every planet come to vie for the championship. But for over half a century, no Earthling has been good enough to be a contender. Until out of nowhere, comes an underdog: the great human hope, Steve Armstrong... and the best anyone's ever seen. He's been training all his life for a shot at the big time, but now he's up against some mighty big muscle: a ruthless extra-terrestrial crimelord who'll pull no punches to make sure he stops Steve dead. In the mood for hard-hitting sci-fi action? Arena will knock you out!
Sininen viikko=1954-02-26=A Bergmanesque triangle drama. After a weekend of dancing and camping on a recreation island near the city, a young factory worker decides to stay and cut work for a day. Walking around the now deserted island, he meets a beautiful woman camping alone and sunbathing in the nude on the beach. A hot romance flares up between the worker and the more upper-class married lady, lasting through the light-filled nights of the whole summer week until the woman's much older husband returns to the island the next weekend.
Shablulim BaGeshem=2013-06-20=Tel Aviv, Summer 1989. Boaz, a beautiful and alluring linguistics student, receives anonymous, male written love letters, that undermine his sexual identity and interfere on his peaceful life with his beloved girlfriend.
Cheyenne=1947-06-06=A gambler is determined to capture the outlaw bandit responsible for a series of stagecoach robberies. Director Raoul Walsh's 1947 western stars Dennis Morgan and Jane Wyman.
Haunter=2013-10-25=A teenager is stuck in a time loop that is not quite the same each time. She must uncover the truth but her actions have consequences for herself and others.
Mixed Nuts=1994-12-21=The events focus around a crisis hotline business on one crazy night during the Christmas holidays.
Aflatoon=1997-12-19=Mistakenly appointed as a college professor, happy-go-lucky Raja finds the rich girl of his dreams - but must confront a look-alike con man named Rocky to win her father's approval. The plot thickens when Raja pretends to be Rocky, and Rocky pretends to be Raja. But both does not know that this mistake will engulf them for years to come
The Identity Theft of Mitch Mustain=2013-05-18=In 2005, Mitch Mustain was the top high school quarterback in America; the first ever consensus Gatorade, Parade, and USA Today Player of the Year. He began his college career with eight consecutive victories. Then, momentum stopped.
Chris Rock: Kill the Messenger=2008-09-27=An HBO special edited from three performances from Chris Rock's 2008 comedy tour: London (dark suit, dark shirt), Johannesburg (black suit, white shirt) and New York (shiny jacket). Topics include the ongoing presidential campaign, the possibility of a black president, George W. Bush, gas prices, low-paid jobs, ringtones and bottled water, sex, relationships and the correct use of the n-word
Bullet to the Head=2013-01-31=After watching their respective partners die, a cop and a hitman form an alliance in order to bring down their common enemy.
The Beautiful Truth=2008-11-14=A troubled 15-year-old boy attempting to cope with the recent death of his mother sets out to research Dr. Max Gerson's claims of a diet that can cure cancer as his first assignment for home-schooling in this documentary from filmmaker Steve Kroschel (Avalanche, Dying to Have Known).
The Dressmaker=2015-10-01=In 1950s Australia, beautiful, talented dressmaker Tilly returns to her tiny hometown to right wrongs from her past. As she tries to reconcile with her mother, she starts to fall in love while transforming the fashion of the town.
The Delta Force=1986-02-14=A 707 aircraft jetliner on its way from Athens to Rome and then to New York City is hijacked by Lebanese terrorists. The terrorists demand that the pilot take them to Beirut. What the terrorists don't realize is that an elite team of commandoes led by Major McCoy (Norris) and by Colonel Alexander (Marvin) has been called into service to eliminate all terrorists on the jetliner.
Cutting Class=1989-07-01="High school student Paula Carson's affections are being sought after by two of her classmates: Dwight, the ""bad boy"", and Brian, a disturbed young man who has just been released from a mental hospital where he was committed following the suspicious death of his father. Soon after being released, more murders start happening. Is Brian back to his old tricks, or is Dwight just trying to eliminate the competition?"
Sportloto-82=1982-06-06=Adventurous comedy about a bunch of people hunting the winning lottery ticket.
Blood Night: The Legend of Mary Hatchet=2009-10-10=Local teens have long commemorated the death of 'Mary Hatchet' -- a girl who took an ax and killed her family in the 1970s -- with the aptly named Blood Night. But things never got truly bloody until Mary's ghost (Samantha Facchi) decided to make an appearance. Dead bodies are piling up, and Mary seems to be calling the shots. But there are secrets about her past that have yet to be uncovered. Nate Dushku co-stars in this slasher flick.
Sweet Revenge=1987-02-06=Nancy Allen plays an investigative news reporter Jillian Gray, who, along with her daughter is kidnapped by white slave king Cicero, after getting too close with her investigation. Now that she has escaped, she seeks revenge on Ciero
Synth Britannia=2009-10-16=Documentary following a generation of post-punk musicians who took the synthesiser from the experimental fringes to the centre of the pop stage.
All the Wrong Reasons=2013-11-01=An ensemble film about four everyday people: a store manager, a security guard, a fire fighter and a clerk who struggle in the aftermath of trauma.
Meatballs 4=1992-03-06=Ricky is the hottest water-ski instructor around and he has just be rehired by his former employer/camp to whip up attendance. But the camp is in serious financial trouble and the owner of a rival, more popular, camp wants to buy them out. Therefore they will have to engage in a mean, winner-takes-all competition that will settle the row once and for all.
À cœur joie=1967-06-07=Story of a woman torn between her love for two different men.
Podranki=1977-06-20=A story about a group of Russian boys who have lost their fathers in the World War II.
The Front Line=2006-07-16="An African immigrant bank security guard turns the tables on Dublin's nastiest criminals when they force him to be the ""inside man"" on a bank robbery."
여자는 남자의 미래다=2004-05-14=As the first snow falls in Seoul, two old friends reunite; one is a successful college professor, and the other, a struggling filmmaker recently returned from the United States. After their reminiscences, they finally decide to go in search of the young woman each had romanced years earlier.
The End=1978-05-10=Wendell Lawson has only six months to live. Not wanting to endure his last few months of life waiting for the end, he decides to take matters into his own hands and enlists the help of a delusional mental patient to help him commit suicide.
Brighton Rock=1947-12-12="Centring on the activities of a gang of assorted criminals and, in particular, their leader – a vicious young hoodlum known as ""Pinkie"" – the film's main thematic concern is the criminal underbelly evident in inter-war Brighton."
Die verlorene Zeit=2011-11-24=Hannah, a young Jewish girl, is rescued from a concentration camp by her Polish boyfriend, and believes he died after their perilous escape. More than 30 years later, the married Hannah faces an emotional crisis when she learns he's alive.
Winstanley=1976-01-01=Gerrard Winstanley is the leader of a 17th Century religious group that believes the land should be owned communaly. He comes into conflict with both the state and the church.
Being George Clooney=2016-02-06=A documentary that delves into the creative, often humorous world of audio dubbing a Hollywood motion picture for the international market.
Wings=1927-08-12=Two young men, one rich, one middle class, both in love with the same woman (Jobyna Ralston), become US Air Corps fighter pilots and, eventually, heroic flying aces during World War I. Devoted best friends, their mutual love of the girl eventually threatens their bond. Meanwhile, a hometown girl (Clara Bow) who's the love struck lifelong next door neighbor of one of them, pines away.
Bez wstydu=2012-07-20=In an incendiary story of love, desire, and betrayal between siblings, the rebellious young Tadek returns to sister Anka’s home in search of solace and affection. Bound together by a painful shared family history, brother and sister must find a way to break free in order to survive. This formidable debut fearlessly yet tenderly explores one of society’s last taboos.
Tuya de hun shi=2006-09-21=Set in Inner Mongolia, a physical setback causes a young woman to choose a suitor who can take care of her, as well as her disabled husband.
7 Seconds=2005-06-28=When an experienced thief accidentally makes off with a Van Gogh, his partner is kidnapped by gangsters in pursuit of the painting, forcing the criminal to hatch a rescue plan.
La madriguera=1969-07-14=Teresa (Geraldine Chaplin) and Peter (Per Oscarsson) settle down in their new home after their marriage. Things are going well until her childhood furniture arrives, sending Teresa into horrible flashbacks of turmoil from memories of her youth. The two try to work through their problems and succeed for a while until their charades lead to tragedy in this psychological drama.
El Inventor de Juegos=2014-07-03=Young Ivan Drago's newfound love of board games catapults him into the fantastical and competitive world of game invention, and pits him against the inventor Morodian, who has long desired to destroy the city of Zyl, founded by Ivan's grandfather. To save his family and defeat Morodian, Ivan must come to know what it is to be a true GAMES MAKER.
Lost Boys of Sudan=2003-04-24=Lost Boys of Sudan is a feature-length documentary that follows two Sudanese refugees on an extraordinary journey from Africa to America. Orphaned as young boys in one of Africa's cruelest civil wars, Peter Dut and Santino Chuor survived lion attacks and militia gunfire to reach a refugee camp in Kenya along with thousands of other children. From there, remarkably, they were chosen to come to America. Safe at last from physical danger and hunger, a world away from home, they find themselves confronted with the abundance and alienation of contemporary American suburbia
Catch a Fire=2006-10-27=The true story of anti-apartheid activists in South Africa, and particularly the life of Patrick Chamusso, a timid foreman at Secunda CTL, the largest synthetic fuel plant in the world. Patrick is wrongly accused, imprisoned and tortured for an attempt to bomb the plant, with the injustice transforming the apolitical worker into a radicalised insurgent, who then carries out his own successful sabotage mission.
Sleepers=1996-10-18=Two gangsters seek revenge on the state jail worker who during their stay at a youth prison sexually abused them. A sensational court hearing takes place to charge him for the crimes. A moving drama from director Barry Levinson.
America=2009-01-01="In ""America,"" Dr. Maureen Brennan, a psychiatrist at a youth treatment center, encounters her newest patient, a bi-racial boy named America. Through their sessions, Dr. Brennan helps America come to terms with his roller-coaster life, which began when he was taken by authorities from his crack-addicted mother, and placed into foster care as an infant. The short time of stability in his life occurred when America lived with Mrs. Harper, the elderly nanny to one of his foster families. Later reunited with his mother, she soon abandons America and he is again placed into foster care. Lagging behind in school and full of anger, America retreats further away from society after years of sexual abuse. After attempting suicide, America is placed in a treatment center where Dr. Brennan helps him open up about his painful past and discover the support and courage he needs to get his life back on track."
The Hunter=1980-08-01="During his long career, bounty hunter Ralph ""Papa"" Thorson has caught over 5,000 criminals. Now, while he is working on apprehending fugitives in Illinois, Texas and Nebraska, he himself is being hunted by a psychotic killer."
Nightjohn=1996-06-01=Charles Burnett directs this movie about John, a man of many talents, including one forbidden skill: he can read. When he teaches a young slave girl named Sarny to read and write, she learns an unforgettable lesson about the power of words and the true meaning of freedom. A wonderful movie about the power of literacy and the risk it took to educate slaves in the Ante-Bellum South before the heartbreak of the Civil War.
Charlie Brown's Christmas Tales=2002-12-08=Tis the season for the cheer and charm of the Peanuts kids - and this delight special offers five segments full of unforgettable moments. Snoopy works as a bell-ringer to raise money and tries making peace with the ferocious cat next door. Linus strives to strike the right tone in his letter to Santa - and his friendship with an indecisive girl at school. Sally's idea about gift giving and the identity of Santa may be unusual - but her strange notion about how to obtain a Christmas tree surprisingly does the job. Lucy tries awfully hard to be nice...and still coax everyone around her to buy her presents. Charlie Brown and Sally wait up for Santa (a surprisingly short man), who spreads Christmas gift cheer further than they had thought. Make merry!
Need for Speed=2014-03-13=The film revolves around a local street-racer who partners with a rich and arrogant business associate, only to find himself framed by his colleague and sent to prison. After he gets out, he joins a New York-to-Los Angeles race to get revenge. But when the ex-partner learns of the scheme, he puts a massive bounty on the racer's head, forcing him to run a cross-country gauntlet of illegal racers in all manner of supercharged vehicles.
The Second Annual 'On Cinema' Oscar Special=2014-03-02=The Second Annual 'On Cinema' Oscar Special
Tutti a casa=1960-10-27=Everybody Go Home (Italian: Tutti a casa) is a 1960 Italian film directed by Luigi Comencini. It features an international cast including the U.S. actors Martin Balsam, Alex Nicol and the Franco-Italian Serge Reggiani. Nino Manfredi was rejected for the starring role because Alberto Sordi wanted it.
My Name Is Emily=2016-04-08=Packed off to a foster home after her father is insti­tu­tion­al­ized, a rebellious young Irish girl resolves to bust her dad out of the hospital where he's been confined.
One Nine Nine Four=2009-10-09="One Nine Nine Four is a documentary film written and directed by Jai Al-Attas, ""exploring the birth, growth and eventual tipping point of punk rock during the 90s"" . The bulk of the film's content consists of band interviews and archive footage.  The film is narrated by skateboarder Tony Hawk and features interviews and footage of various bands and figures in the punk scene including Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day, Dexter Holland from The Offspring, Greg Graffin and Brett Gurewitz from Bad Religion, Tim Armstrong, Matt Freeman (previously of Operation Ivy) and Lars Fredriksen from Rancid, Fat Mike from NOFX as well as Mark Hoppus and Tom DeLonge from Blink-182 ."
The Indian Fighter=1955-12-21=A scout leading a wagon train through hostile Indian country unwittingly gets involved with a Sioux chief's daughter
Afterglow=1997-12-26=A handyman with marital problems meets a housewife with the same.
Dead Awake=2010-12-03=Dylan, a young man working at a funeral parlor, is trying to unravel a mystery that shattered his life ten years earlier. After faking his own funeral to see who will show up, he befriends a mysterious street junkie and is reunited with an old love from his past. The lives of these three characters are transformed by supernatural forces as Dylan discovers that no one is who they seem to be.
One Kill=2000-01-01=A Marine captain is on trial for murdering her superior officer.
Cuore sacro=2005-02-25=Irene discovers that she must eat hearts in order to survive the alien invasion in Sicily.
The Journey=2001-06-13="Eric Saperston directs this amazing journey about a group of young Americans who decide to ask the age old question in life, ""what do our elders have to pass down to us?"""
Van Diemen's Land=2009-09-24=The true story of Australia’s most notorious convict, Alexander Pearce and his infamous journey into the beautiful yet brutal Tasmanian wilderness. A point of no return for convicts banished from their homeland, Van Diemen’s Land was a feared and dreaded penal settlement at the end of the earth.
4 for Texas=1963-12-25=Frank Sinatra plays a tough guy who hooks up with fellow rat packer Dean Martin to open a casino in this western.
Zone of the Enders: 2167 Idolo=2001-03-01=Zone of the Enders: 2167 Idolo is an hour long Original Video Animation, set as a prequel to the original Zone of the Enders game. It serves to explain the war between Earth and Mars, and the origin of the Orbital Frame technology. The events also lead into the TV series ZOE: Dolores, i.
The Beautician and the Beast=1997-02-07=The story follows the misadventures of a New York City beautician who is mistakenly hired as the school teacher for the children of the president of a small Eastern European country.
Az éjszakám a nappalod=2015-10-26=Novák cannot sleep. Not to disturb his girlfriend, he spends his nights in the streets of Budapest and gets into weirder and weirder, more and more impossible and dangerous situations and liaisons. Unless he dies, he may regain his dreams by them.
Shark Attack 2=2001-02-13=A biological experiment goes bad, this time releasing a gaggle of mutated great white sharks with a taste for human flesh. Soon enough, shark expert Nick West is on the case, leading a crew to study them and eventually bring them back into captivity. West's plans hit a snag, however, when Australian shark hunter Roy Bishop is called in to wipe out the fishy menace.
Ex-Lady=1933-05-14=Although free spirit Helen Bauer does not believe in marriage, she consents to marry Don, but his infidelities cause her to also take on a lover.
Watch the Shadows Dance=1987-01-01=Robbie and his girlfriend, Amy, are among a group of students who play their private night games in the romantic thriller that catapulted Kidman to center stage.  On screen throughout, Kidman discovers what will happen when a friendly game becomes real life ... and real life becomes a deadly game.
Leningrad Cowboys Go America=1989-03-24=The Leningrad Cowboys, a group of Finnish musicians, and their manager, travel to America seeking fame and fortune. As they cross the country, trying to get to a wedding in Mexico, they are followed by the village idiot, who wishes to join the band.
Conversations with God=2006-01-25="""Conversations with God"" is the true story of Neale Donald Walsch that inspired and changed the lives of millions. The journey begins after he unexpectedly breaks his neck in a car accident and loses his job."
Morgana=2012-08-03=A young girl is hunted by her nightmares
Danny Deckchair=2003-05-16=Based on a true story, the tale of a cement truck driver named Danny, whose long awaited vacation is cancelled thanks to his scheming girlfriend, Trudy. Danny escapes his grim life in suburban Australia and blasts into the skies in a chair tied with helium balloons. A mighty thunderstorm blows him clean off the map, and spits him out far away over the lush green town of Clarence. In this new town, he rockets into the world of Glenda, the town's only parking cop. While the media back home becomes obsessed with the story of his disappearance, Danny gets to reinvent himself in this new town, and in his great adventure, he discovers a true soul mate in Glenda. Fate catches up with him eventually, as Danny's true identity is revealed and Trudy--now a tabloid celebrity--comes to the idyllic town to claim Danny and drag him back to Sydney. Danny, however, is a changed man; he's discovered what it means to be happy and has found a new self-worth.
The Cameraman=1928-09-16=Buster is a tintype portrait photographer who at first sight develops a serious crush on Sally, a beautiful young woman who works as a secretary for MGM's newsreel department. Buster seeks to also work there, as a newsreel cameraman, in hopes of impressing her. However, his skills with a movie camera are lacking at first. Buster is determined to succeed, in hopes of winning the girl.
Low Down=2014-01-19=The daughter of jazz pianist Joe Albany witnesses her beloved father's struggle -- and failure -- to kick his heroin habit.
친절한 금자씨=2005-07-29=After a 13-year imprisonment for the kidnap and murder of a 6 year old boy, beautiful Lee Guem-ja starts seeking revenge on the man that was really responsible for the boy's death. With the help of fellow inmates and reunited with her daughter, she gets closer and closer to her goal. But will her actions lead to the relief she seeks?
Killer Party=1986-05-09=Three sorority pledges are tasked with ensuring that the gals of Sigma Alpha Pi throw a killer party at an abandoned fraternity house. Unfortunately a vengeful spirit decides to take the killer epithet literally. With a special appearance by '80s hair metal titans White Sister!
American Strays=1996-09-12=The desert can be a lonely place for the people who live there or for those who are traveling through. It is also the teller of different stories including the story of a traveling salesman whose only commodity is death and the story of a young man who finds that the death that he wishes for is difficult to find. Others are just traveling through, on their way to another place when they stop to eat at Red's Desert Oasis. The food may not be great, and the waitress may be surly, but those who stopped at Red's will find that they are involved in the showdown of their life.
Code Inconnu: Récit Incomplet de Divers Voyages=2000-05-19=A series of events unfold like a chain reaction, all stemming from a minor event that brings the film's five characters together. Set in Paris, France, Anne is an actress whose boyfriend Georges photographs the war in Kosovo. Georges' brother, Jean, is looking for the entry code to Georges' apartment. These characters lives interconnect with a Romanian immigrant and a deaf teacher.
The Condemned=2007-04-27="Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is ""purchased"" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor."
WarGames=1983-06-03=High School student David Lightman (Matthew Broderick) has a talent for hacking. But while trying to hack into a computer system to play unreleased video games, he unwittingly taps into the Defense Department's war computer and initiates a confrontation of global proportions! Together with his girlfriend (Ally Sheedy) and a wizardly computer genius (John Wood), David must race against time to outwit his opponent...and prevent a nuclear Armageddon.
The Atrocity Exhibition=2000-06-05=A scientist obsessed with World War III hits the road with a woman so he can re-create scenes from history.
Bruna Surfistinha=2011-02-25="Rachel is a girl, adopted by an upper middle class family, who rebelled at 17 and left her family and studies at a traditional college in Sao Paulo to become a call girl. Shortly after starting work, she decided to write a blog about her experiences. Since some clients thought she looked like a surfer she adopted the name ""Surfistinha"" which means little surfer girl."
Tom and Jerry Spy Quest=2015-06-09=Two groups of classic cartoon characters come together in this fun-filled crossover with the popular action-adventure animated series Jonny Quest. Fans of all ages won't want to miss this heart-stopping adventure as tussling twosome Tom and Jerry join Jonny Quest and his pal Hadji and embark on a dangerous spy mission in order to save the world. It's just another day at the beach for the dueling Tom and Jerry ... until they bump into world-class junior spies Jonny Quest and Hadji and their canine companion, Bandit. When longtime Quest family nemesis Dr. Zin discovers that Jonny's father, Dr. Benton Quest, possesses a device that could solve the world's energy problems, Zin sends his evil cat army to steal it and capture Benton and his bodyguard, Race Bannon. That's when Jonny and his new furry friends spring into action! Get set for intrigue, thrills and suspense for the whole family. Tia Carrere and Tim Matheson lend their voices.
L'assedio dell'Alcazar=1940-01-02=Directed by Augusto Genina.
United States of Secrets (Part One): The Program=2014-05-13=Last year Edward Snowden downloaded tens of thousands of top-secret documents from a highly secure government computer network. The revelations that followed touched off a fierce debate over the massive surveillance operations conducted by the National Security Agency.  Through exclusive interviews with intelligence insiders, cabinet officials, and government whistle-blowers, the film reveals how the U.S. government came to monitor the communications of millions of Americans and to collect billions of records on ordinary people around the world.
Concepción Arenal, la visitadora de cárceles=2012-01-01=TV Movie about Concepción Arenal in his role as visiting women's prisons. His struggle to change the conception that was on criminals and they had to be modern prisons.
Siódmy pokój=1996-06-06=An expressionist biography of Edith Stein, who converted from the Jewish faith to the Catholic one and became a Carmelite sister.  She would die in a German concentration camp.
La mariée était en noir=1968-03-22=Julie Kohler is prevented from suicide by her mother. She leaves the town. She will track down, charm and kill five men who do not know her. What is her goal ? What is her purpose?
Frankenstein Unbound=1990-11-02=The ultimate weapon, claimed to be safe for mankind, produces global side-effects including time slides and disappearances. The scientist behind the project and his car are zapped from the year 2031 to 1817 in Switzerland where he meets Dr. Victor Frankenstein, Mary Shelley and others.
Billy Jack=1971-08-02="Ex-Green Beret hapkido expert saves wild horses from being slaughtered for dog food and helps protect a desert ""freedom school"" for runaway."
The Secretary=1995-04-12=Her boss made ​​a big mistake by not promoting it. Now is the perfect secretary in the service of revenge.
The Wendell Baker Story=2005-08-03=Luke Wilson plays a good-hearted ex-con who gets a job in a retirement hotel. Three elderly residents help him win back his girlfriend as he lends them a hand in fighting hotel corruption.
La vie d'Adèle - Chapitres 1 et 2=2013-10-09=Adele's life is changed when she meets Emma, a young woman with blue hair, who will allow her to discover desire, to assert herself as a woman and as an adult. In front of others, Adele grows, seeks herself, loses herself, finds herself.
His Girl Friday=1940-01-18=Hildy, the journalist former wife of newspaper editor Walter Burns, visits his office to inform him that she's engaged and will be getting remarried the next day. Walter can't let that happen and frames the fiancé, Bruce Baldwin, for one thing after another, to keep him temporarily held in prison, while trying to steer Hildy into returning to her old job as his employee.
The Great White Hope=1970-10-11=A black champion boxer and his white female companion struggle to survive while the white boxing establishment looks for ways to knock him down
The Thirst=2007-05-15=Maxx and his girlfriend Lisa are a pair of recovering drug addicts whom are recruited by a clan of sex &amp; violence crazed vampires led by the egotistical and charismatic Darius. But to become members, Maxx and Lisa have to give up their humanity and become vampires themselves. As Maxx and Lisa adopt to their new lifestyle of immortality with all the advantages and disadvantages, their addiction to drugs now turns to addiction to human blood and each new 'fix' leads them deeper into debauchery. Will these two rookie vampires find salvation, or be damned to all eternity of their latest thirst for blood?
Conversaciones con mamá=2004-04-15=Jaime has lost his job and has to provide for his wife, son and daughter. Pressured by this circumstances, he visits his mom, who lives in an apartment he owns, to ask her to move with him so he can sell the apartment. But she is not going to cooperate. And, to Jaime's surprise, she also has a boyfriend!
الرسالة‎=1976-03-09="The story of prophet ""Muhammad"" and the delivery of the message of God ""Allah""."
ഉസ്‌താദ്‌ Hotel=2012-06-29=Ustad Hotel is a quaint place run by a foodie named Kareem, who is fondly called Ustad, on a beach in Kozhikode. He sells biriyani – not to make money but to ensure that his biriyani has his customers Faizie's stay in Kozhikode continues for a bit longer than what he had anticipated and during his stay with his grandfather, Faizie unearths a real world that exists beyond the sea and its shores. The film is about the bonding between Faizi and his grandfather and how a few days with his grandfather and Ustad Hotel changes his life for ever.
Dans la cour=2014-05-02=Antoine is a musician. The forties, he suddenly decides to end his career. After a few days of wandering, he gets a job as a janitor. Mathilde lives in the old building in the east of Paris where he takes office. This is a young retiree, generous and involved, who divides his time between his associational activities and the life of the condominium. One night, she discovers a disturbing crack on the wall of his living room. Gradually, his anxiety grew to turn into panic and if the building collapsed ... Slowly, Antoine befriends the woman he feared to see slip into madness. Between slips and concerns, both form an awkward tandem, humorous and solidarity which will, perhaps, through this bad patch.
Ja zuster, nee zuster=2002-09-06=The film is a cheerful stylized musical comedy a la 8 femmes. The story happens in the guest-house of sister Klivia in one of the Dutch towns. The inhabitants of the guest-house are very cheerful and good-hearted persons whose open communal lifestyle is contrasted with the life of somewhat nasty and complaining neighbor behind the wall heer Boordevool. Boordevool has spent ages looking for reasons to shut the guest-house. One day a girl from the guest-house meets a nice young guy Gerrit. Sister Klivia lets Gerrit stay regardless of him being a thief. Will that give a chance to the insinuations of the neighbor?
The Gambler=1974-10-02=New York City English professor Axel Freed outwardly seems like an upstanding citizen. But privately Freed is in the clutches of a severe gambling addiction that threatens to destroy him.
Life Is Ruff=2005-01-13=Calvin Wheeler is a scheming 13-year-old boy with everything going for him, except for an original issue of his precious comic book collection. When a prized show-dog chases him down while skateboarding one day, his owner inadvertently convinces him to adopt and train a dog of his own. However the only one available, is an uncouth stray Labrador/St. Bernard-mix named Tyko from a local animal shelter, who proves to be more than anybody can handle.
P.S.=2004-10-15=Thirty-nine-year old divorcé Louise Harrington (Linney) works in the admissions office at Columbia University School of the Arts. She is unnerved when she receives an application from F. Scott Feinstadt, the same name of her high school sweetheart who was killed in a car crash, and calls the student to arrange an interview. His appearance, mannerisms, and painting style closely resemble those of her former love, and she begins to suspect the young artist may be the reincarnation of her old flame. Hours after meeting, the two embark upon an affair. Also complicating Louise's life are her relationship with her ex-husband Peter , who confesses he is learning to cope with a sex addiction that, unknown to her, plagued their marriage; her ne'er-do-well brother Sammy, who is favored by their mother Ellie despite his shortcomings; and her best friend Missy, who stole the original Scott from Louise before his death and seems intent on doing the same with the contemporary version.
Finding Joy=2013-06-07=Pompous and self-absorbed Kyle, is unhappily stuck in his life, longing to relive the success of his first novel. His not-so-desirable life rapidly unravels forcing him to return home to his wildly eccentric family with his tail between his legs.  Life at home begins to show signs of improvement when Kyle meets the spunky, vivacious girl across the street who recruits Kyle to help her make the world a better place, making him feel alive for the first time in ages and inspiring his writing. But its short-lived. Joys been told shes going to die soon and wants Kyle to write her obituary.
La Habanera=1937-12-18=Astrée and her aunt from Sweden are vacationing in Puerto Rico.  Astrée is enchanted by the local habanera musicas well as by Don Pedro de Avila, a rich and powerful landowner.  Upon embarkation, she spontaneously decides to stay; she runs down the gangway, finds him waiting for her, and soon is married. Ten years later - it is now 1937 - Astrée finds herself trapped in an unhappy marriage.  Her paradise has turned to hell; only her son, Juan, is the reason for her to stay.  Meanwhile in Stockholm, Dr. Sven Nagel, a former lover of Astrée, and his associate, Dr. Gomez, bid farewell.  They are departing for Puerto Rico to investigate the mysterious and deadly Puerto Rico fever.  On the island, their arrival is met with dismay by Don Pedro and his business associates as they fear the focus on the Puerto Rico fever will depress their business; so they plan to deny its existence.
Ghatak: Lethal=1996-11-08=A small town in Bombay is brutally subdued by a notorious gangster named Katya and his brothers.
Nature Unleashed: Volcano=2005-02-04=While on assignment covering a volcanic eruption journalist Russell Woods' life is shattered when his wife is killed in the ensuing carnage. Grieving he travels to the small village in Italy where she was born. There he is followed by a curious young girl Angela whom the townspeople believe is cursed by the devil. Despite their warnings he feels a strange connection to her and believes her odd behaviour is somehow linked to the death of his wife. But when things turn otherworldly Russell realises that bigger events are unfolding. Something supernatural has come to this small village and Angela is the key.
Black Sea=2014-12-05=A suspenseful adventure thriller directed by Academy Award winner Kevin Macdonald, centering on a rogue submarine captain who pulls together a misfit crew to go after a sunken treasure rumored to be lost in the depths of the Black Sea. As greed and desperation take control onboard their claustrophobic vessel, the increasing uncertainty of the mission causes the men to turn on each other to fight for their own survival.
Ernest In The Army=1998-02-24=Ernest P. Worrell is now in the military as a soldier. Once he begins, him and his team investigates a dictator who was responsible for the wars in the nearly village. Suddenly, Ernest finds a lost boy and has to keep him safe until his father recovers.
Kosmos=2010-02-17=Too much happens too many times in this potentially brilliant parable.
Ritam zločina=1981-01-01=Old houses in Zagreb are destroyed in order to build new, bigger blocks. A teacher who lives in one of these houses allows a stranger to share his home with him. The stranger has a fascination with statistics, and claims he can predict crimes based on statistical analyses. When a predicted murder did not occur, the stranger is adamant that the whole town will suffer unless a balance is achieved - and he leaves.
Paura nel buio=1989-01-01=Sick young man drives around in his daddy's camper, looking for lone stray females to kidnap, torture, rape, and murder.
Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!=2011-12-02=Teddy Duncan's middle-class family embarks on a road trip from their home in Denver to visit Mrs. Duncans Parents, the Blankenhoopers, in Palm Springs. When they find themselves stranded between Denver and Utah, they try to hitch a ride to Las Vegas with a seemingly normal older couple in a station wagon from Roswell, New Mexico. It turns out that the couple believes they are the victims of alien abduction. The Duncan's must resort to purchasing a clunker Yugo to get to Utah, have their luggage stolen in Las Vegas, and survive a zany Christmas with Grandpa and Grandma Blankenhooper.
Scusa ma ti voglio sposare=2010-02-12="Second part of the film ""Sorry if I love you"". Alex (Raoul Bova) and Niki (Michela Quattrociocche) are more in love than ever. They have just returned from the lighthouse on the island Blu where they have lived unforgettable days. Niki returns to see his friends, but a number of important changes in their lives will test the friendship of the girls. Alex also resume life with his old friends. All of them, Flavio, Enrico and Pietro, are no longer serene and safe husbands due to certain difficulties that have compromised their marriages."
Hi, Mom!=1970-04-27=Vietnam vet John Rubin returns to New York and rents a rundown flat in Greenwhich Village. It is in this flat that he begins to film, 'Peeping Tom' style, the people in the apartment across the street. His obsession with making films leads him to fall in with a radical 'Black Power' group, which in turn leads him to carry out a bizarre act of urban terrorism.
The Unholy Three=1930-07-03="""Talkie"" remake of Tod Browning's 1925 silent film. A trio of former sideshow performers double as the ""Unholy Three"" in a scam to nab some shiny rocks."
யுத்தம் செய்=2011-02-04=Yutham Sei will feature Cheran as a CB-CID officer, according to film director Mysskin. story is a secret police officer in search of a serial killer.
Mio fratello è figlio unico=2007-04-20="Accio (Elio Germano) and Manrico (Riccardo Scamarcio) are working class brothers who live in Italy in the 1960s. While his brother becomes drawn into left-wing politics, Accio, the hotheaded younger brother, is taken under the wing of a market trader and while under his influence, joins the Fascist party. Accio (""Bully"") is a nickname he is proud of because it makes him seem tough. Manrico and their sister Violetta are alarmed to hear their brother listening to Benito Mussolini's speeches in his room. Manrico often physically torments his brother, including stuffing his head in the barrel under the drain pipe of their house."
Peeples=2013-05-09=The story follows what happens when a child psychologist surprises his girlfriend by showing up at her political family's annual get-together at their Sag Harbor vacation home only to find them desperately in need of therapy.
House of D=2005-04-15=An American artist living a bohemian existence in Paris, Tom Warshaw (David Duchovny) is trying to make sense of his troubled adult life by reflecting upon his extraordinary childhood.
बागबान=2003-01-01=Raj Malhotra and wife Pooja have four sons. The sons have settled down professionally and are quite independent. However, when Raj Malhotra retires, none of his children want to be burdened with the responsibility of taking care of their parents. Strangely, it is the adopted son who proves to be the most kind hearted of them all. Salman's girlfriend eventually marries him. The question is, will Raj and Pooja's sons learn the folly of their ways and turn over a new leaf?
Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd=2003-06-13=This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes back to the lame-brained Harry and Lloyd's days as classmates at a Rhode Island high school, where the unprincipled principal puts the pair in remedial courses as part of a scheme to fleece the school.
Anaconda 3: Offspring=2008-01-01=Cancer-terminal tycoon Peter Murdoch's secret Wexel Hall Pharmaceuticals lab has developed a blood orchid extract cure. To examine why it works optimally in snakes, they also bread a super-anaconda strain. But the original pair escapes, leaving a bloody trail of corpses. Murdoch runs, instructing his staff to clean up. They keep failing and being eaten like unsuspecting locals, some alive, even after enlisting ruthless big game hunter Hammett. The fast-growing pregnant monster sheds its skin, thus disabling the only tracking device.
The Collector=1965-06-17=Freddie is an inept bank clerk with no future. His only hobby is collecting butterflies, which gives him a feeling of power and control that is otherwise totally missing from his life. He comes into a large sum of money, and buys himself a country house. Still unable to make himself at ease socially, he starts to plan on acquiring a girl friend - in the same manner as he collects butterflies. He prepares the cellar of the house to be a collecting jar, and stalks his victim over several days.
Préparez vos mouchoirs=1978-01-11=Solange is depressed: she's stopped smiling, she eats little, she says less. She has fainting fits. Her husband Raoul seeks to save her by enlisting Stephane, a stranger, to be her lover. Although he listens to Mozart and has every Pocket Book arranged in alphabetical order, Stephane fails to cheer Solange. She knits. She does housework. Everyone, including their neighbor a vegetable vendor, agrees that she needs a child, yet she fails to get pregnant by either lover. The three take a job running a kids' summer camp where they meet Christian, the precocious 13-year-old son of the local factory manager. It is Christian who restores Solange to laughter
Raising the Bar=2016-05-02=16-year-old Kelly quits an elite gymnastics program and moves to Australia. To help out a new friend and show up an old rival she re-enters competitive gymnastics, she'll have to find a way to move forward while making amends with her past.
Whipped=2000-09-01="Three to one may sound like fairly good odds, but it depends on the game. When the ""one"" is one very irresistible woman and the ""three"" are three hopelessly smitten guys, the deck is pretty stacked. In the battle of the sexes, the first rule is to never underestimate the power of a woman."
Adam=1983-10-10=After their child is abducted, John and Reve Walsh are trying to find him. But, shortly after that, Adam is found dead.
Harem Suare=1999-11-24=A story of the impossible love between one of the Sultan's concubines and one of his eunuchs in a harem at the end of the Ottoman Empire.
If You Could See What I Hear=1982-01-07=A light comedy/love story based on the life of blind musician Tom Sullivan.
Germ=2013-03-12=The military's attempt to shoot down an orbiting satellite unleashes a space-borne epidemic on a remote, small town. Deputy Max Brody and his girlfriend Brooke must battle their way through an army of infected townsfolk and soldiers as they struggle to save themselves and their loved ones from a horrible, early death. When cannibalism is contagious, will even the strong survive?
Watchers II=1990-08-16=A genetically re-engineered dog develops a psychic link with a monster created in a lab experiment which goes awry.
Malon 9 Kochavim=2007-07-22=Slipping through the predawn darkness over highways, through traffic and across the border, Palestinian construction workers go to work clandestinely in Israel every day. Haar's raw, handheld photography follows workers who build their own border shanty community to enter Israel more easily, with no choice but to risk their lives simply to earn a living.
仁義なき戦い 完結篇=1974-06-29=Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Final Episode is part five and the final installation of a series of yakuza films directed by Kinji Fukasaku. In the wake of a big police crackdown, Akira Kobayashi's icily sun- glassed Takeda attempts to transform the Hiroshima yakuza families into a legitimate political organization: The Tensei Coalition. When the young Matsumura ascends to the chairmanship of the coalition, the older, hardened yakuza led by Jo Shishido (BRANDED TO KILL) seize one last opportunity to stir up chaos and bloodshed. Culminating with the arrests, deaths, or retirement of the first postwar yakuza generation, this milestone series draws to an ambivalent close.
911 Nightmare=2016-01-10=Officer Chris McCullers was gravely injured in a shootout and now works on 911-dispatch. Resentful that her career has ended up here, Chris receives a call from a scared kid and dismisses it as a prank. The next day, she learns that the call was all too real: there's been a murder.
House of Bamboo=1955-07-01=Eddie Kenner (Robert Stack) is given a special assignment by the Army to get the inside story on Sandy Dawson (Robert Ryan), a former GI who has formed a gang of fellow servicemen and Japanese locals. They use their muscle to take over Tokyo's pachinko racket and commit a series of train robberies, targeting deliveries of military ammunition.
Det er meg du vil ha=2014-06-13=What would you say about a female teacher falling in love with a 15-year-old? What would you think when you heard her confession? How do you set borders for someone's love and feelings?
I Am Number Four=2011-02-18=A teenage fugitive with an incredible secret races to stay one step ahead of the mysterious forces seeking destroy him in this sci-fi action thriller. With three dead and one on the run, the race to find the elusive Number Four begins. Outwardly normal teen John Smith never gets too comfortable in the same identity, and along with his guardian, Henri, he is constantly moving from town to town. With each passing day, John gains a stronger grasp on his extraordinary new powers, and his bond to the beings that share his fantastic fate grows stronger.
McCinsey's Island=1998-02-23=Hulk Hogan and Grace Jones star in this adventure tale about a onetime secret agent who finds a treasure map on the shell of a turtle. Soon he's on a chase to recover the loot, just one step ahead of other seekers of wealth.
Imagination=2008-02-26=Dr. Reineger, a famous neuro-psychologist, has become convinced that a twin girl named Anna has a rare form of Autism called Asperger's Syndrome, rendering her unable to cope with reality. As for her blind sister, Sarah, the doctor cannot say for sure why her imaginary visions map so close to Anna's. At home, unable to face reality, their father leaves the family. To escape the pain, the girls sink deeper and deeper into their imagination. When a major earthquake takes their mother's life, Reineger gets more involved with helping the now-orphaned twins, while struggling with his realization that the girls seem to be capable of prophetic visions. The girls escape the doctor's institution and a subsequent search finds no trace of them. Have they transcended the physical realm? A mixture of live action, stop motion animation and other techniques makes this film a fantastic journey into the realm of imagination.
Michael Kohlhaas=2013-08-14=In the 16th century in the Cévennes, a horse dealer by the name of Michael Kohlhaas leads a happy and prosperous family life. When a lord treats him unjustly, this pious, upstanding man raises an army and puts the country to fire and sword in order to have his rights restored.
Out Cold=1989-03-03=A comedy about an angry married couple, a private investigator, and a walk-in freezer.
千機變=2003-03-08=An evil Duke attempts to kill and collect the blood of a royal family of European vampires in order to become all powerful. The only surviving member of the family travels to Hong Kong, only to complicate his struggle by falling in love with a mortal girl who just happens to have a vampire hunter for a brother.
Anarchy Parlor=2015-01-01=Six young college hopefuls vacationing and partying in Lithuania get more than they bargained for when they unwittingly get caught up in a maniacal tattoo artist's fiendish side business.
AC/DC- Let There Be Rock=1980-09-14=Before the show - Live wire - Shot down in flames - Hell ain't a bad place to be - Sin city - Walk all over - You - Bad boy boogie - The jack - Highway to hell - Girls got rhythm - High voltage - Whole lotta Rosie - Rocker - Let there be rock
Rock & Rule=1983-04-15=A malevolent rock star kidnaps a female singer to force her to participate in the summoning of a demon and her band must help her stop him.
Shark Zone=2003-10-14=A man must hunt down ferocious sharks that are threatening a small beach community.
The Heavenly Kid=1985-07-26=When Bobby dies in a car accident he is not allowed to enter heaven but has to stay in one of the lower levels until he has worked enough as an guardian angel in order to deserve paradise. One of his jobs is Lenny, a gifted boy, who loves his schoolmate Sharon who is the most beautiful girl of the class. But she does not even notice him so that he is about to commit suicide. Bobby prevents this and dresses Lenny up making him a playboy and tough guy so that he gets what he wants although Bobby knows that this is not the best. Thinking that his job is done, Bobby realizes that Lenny's mother is his former girlfriend who has married another guy. Although not being allowed he makes himself visible to her...
Rocaterrania=2009-10-01=A journey into the secret world of 76-year-old Renaldo Kuhler, a scientific illustrator who invented an imaginary country to survive his disaffected youth
The Adventures of Tom Thumb & Thumbelina=2002-08-06=Voiced by Elijah Wood, Jennifer Love Hewitt and others, this film features Tom Thumb and Thumbelina, the tiny, famed fairy-tale favorites, who are together for the first time in this heartwarming, magical musical story about courage and friendship.After 15 years, the two reunite and remember when their village was destroyed by a giant. Soon, they find out that they have neat powers they can use for good.
Pumzi=2009-10-20=A sci-fi film about futuristic Africa, 35 years after World War III, 'The Water War'.
Treasure Island=1950-07-18=Enchanted by the idea of locating treasure buried by Captain Flint, Squire Trelawney, Dr. Livesey and Jim Hawkins charter a sailing voyage to a Caribbean island. Unfortunately, a large number of Flint's old pirate crew are aboard the ship, including Long John Silver.
Tai Chi Hero=2012-10-25="Chinese steampunk martial arts blockbuster about the early years of Tai chi master Yang Luchan, the man who founded in the 19th century what has now become the most popular Tai Chi style in the world. The second instalment of the ""Tai Chi"" trilogy continues the journey of Yang Luchan, a gifted child with a fleshy growth on his forehead who helped save a village from a frightening army of steampunk soldiers bearing strange machines with the knowledge of Tai Chi that they entrusted him with."
Alien Abduction=2014-04-04=A vacationing family encounters an alien threat in this pulse-pounding thriller based on the real-life Brown Mountain Lights phenomenon in North Carolina.
Mannen på taket=1976-09-30=A police officer is murdered with a bayonet while staying in hospital. The investigative team, lead by Martin Beck, soon discover that the man had frequently abused suspects as well as civilians but that any complaints had been ignored owing to the misguided loyalty of his colleagues. The volatile mind of the killer means that Beck has to resolve the case quickly before more people are hurt.
Liar, Liar, Vampire=2015-10-12=When an ordinary boy Davis, suddenly becomes famous at school as people start to believe he's actually a vampire, vampire expert Cameron helps him act like a real vampire.
The Reef 2: High Tide=2012-10-30=Trained in the skills of sea power, Pi the fish can fight a shark, sink a squid or batter any random predator that ever threatens his friends and neighbors on the reef. Unfortunately, being the only hero in town can take its toll, especially when a group of sharks declares that the end of the reef is soon at hand.
The Million Dollar Duck=1971-06-30=Professor Dooley takes home a duck from his research laboratory as a toy for his son, but soon finds out that it lays golden eggs.
Imagine=2012-04-12=A blind teacher breaks the rules to help a female student rediscover the pleasures of life.
La Boum=1980-01-01=Le Boum is the story of a 13-year-old French girl dealing with moving to a new city and school in Paris, while at the same time her parents are getting a divorce.
The Woods=2006-09-25=Set in 1965 New England, a troubled girl encounters mysterious happenings in the woods surrounding an isolated girls school that she was sent to by her estranged parents.
Bad Timing=1980-03-02=Alex Linden is a psychiatrist living in Vienna who meets Milena Flaherty though a mutual friend. Though Alex is quite a bit older than Milena, he's attracted to her young, carefree spirit. Despite the fact that Milena is already married, their friendship quickly turns into a deeply passionate love affair that threatens to overtake them both. When Milena ends up in the hospital from an overdose, Alex is taken into custody by Inspector Netusil.
Small Crimes=2017-04-28=A disgraced former cop, fresh off a six-year prison sentence for attempted murder - returns home looking for redemption but winds up trapped in the mess he left behind.
La Fille du 14 juillet=2013-06-05=Hector meets Truquette on Bastille Day and becomes obsessed with seducing her. The plan is to get her to the seaside pronto. Pator is not complaining, especially if her friend Charlotte comes along for the ride. So off they go, down the country roads of a broke and broken France. Times are hard ! Suddenly the government cancels a month of summer. Everyone back to work! A wad of cash and two gun shots later, the group splits in two like France itself. But careering away from work in no way daunts the remaining trio, dead set on relocating the Bastille Girl and reveling in an endless summer.
Kenjû zankoku monogatari=1964-02-01=Businessmen arrange the early release from prison of Togawa, serving time for taking revenge on the truck driver whose carelessness confined Togawa's sister, Rei, to a wheelchair. They want Togawa to hijack an armored truck loaded with 120 million yen; their leverage is to promise him money for surgery for Rei. Togawa consents and plans the heist with three others. The plan is solid, but it doesn't go smoothly. Togawa must improvise, there are traitors somewhere, and double-crosses mount. Can Togawa escape with enough money to help his sister and ensure a passage out of Japan?
