The Maker=1997-10-17=Josh is a high school guy who lives with adoptive parents and is involved in little crimes with his friends (including young lesbian Bella). Suddenly his elder brother Walter comes out of the blue (he left home 10 years ago when he was 18 and was never heard during these years). After that Walter starts to involve Josh in various new criminal activities, including robbery.
The Sheltering Sky=1990-10-24=An American couple (John Malkovich, Debra Winger) drift toward emptiness in postwar North Africa.
One Little Indian=1973-06-20=An Army deserter (James Garner) flees by camel across the desert with a white boy (Clay O'Brien) raised by Indians.
Guardian=2001-06-12=With a spate of violence that rocks the inner city, L.A.P.D. and ex-Marine John Kross investigates its cause: a new drug called Chaos. With help from his partner Carpenter, they delve into the mystery, only to discover a link between the drug and a terrifying supernatural power unleashed during the gulf war, witnessed by Kross twelve years ago. Now, Kross must race against time to stop the destruction, battle his own demons and come to grips with his destiny as he discovers that his reality has been mapped by a power much greater than himself.
Hava Nagila: The Movie=2012-07-19="A documentary on the history of the song ""Hava Nagila."""
Good Dick=2008-10-03=A fidgety, wisecracking video store clerk develops a fixation on a particularly reclusive customer, a frequent visitor to the pornography section of Cinefile, the video store where he works in Los Angeles. After multiple failures to impress her during their brief daily transactions, he finds her street address in the store's database, drives to her apartment building and initiates an unconventional campaign to win her affections.
Backstage=2000-09-08=If you ever wanted to know what really goes on backstage, this is the definitive inside look - uncut and uncensored. Complete with on-stage performances you'll see an intimate view of what life is like at one of the biggest Rap Concert tours of all time. It shows life on the road, in hotels and off stage in a way you've never seen before.
Helen of Troy=1956-01-26=Prince Paris of Troy, shipwrecked on a mission to the king of Sparta, meets and falls for Queen Helen before he knows who she is. Rudely received by the royal Greeks, he must flee...but fate and their mutual passions lead him to take Helen along. This gives the Greeks just the excuse they need for much-desired war.
The Fireman=1916-06-12=Charlie is a fireman who always does everything wrong. A man talks the Fire Chief into ignoring his burning home (he wants the insurance money) unaware that his daughter (the love of the Chief) is upstairs in the house. When the house next door catches fire its owner rouses Charlie who rouses the force.
A Sound of Thunder=2005-05-15=When a hunter sent back to the prehistoric era runs off the path he must not leave, he causes a chain reaction that alters history in disastrous ways.
Flodder in Amerika!=1992-06-03=The mayor of Sunny Dale see a chance to get rid of the Flodder family: They send the asocial bunch for an international exchange to New York. There they get confused with a Russian delegation of medical doctors while the street worker Werner who accompanies them becomes imprisoned.
A Far Off Place=1993-03-12=Thrown together under incredible circumstances, two strangers must discover courage and strength when they begin a journey across the treacherous African desert! Equipped only with their wits and the expertise of a native bushman who befriends them, they are determined to triumph over impossible odds and reach their destination. But along the way, the trio face a primitive desert wilderness.
Hokkabaz=2006-10-20=İskender (Cem Yılmaz) hokkabazdır. Yani aslında sihirbazdır. Ama onun ve çocukluk arkadaşı Maradona'nın (Tuna Orhan) dışında herkes onun hokkabaz olduğunu düşünmektedir. İstanbul'dan hızla kaçmak zorunda kalan ikili, turne programına Sait'i (Mazhar Alanson) de dahil ederek büyük risk alırlar. Baba Sait, İskender'i takdir etmeyi uzun yıllar evvel bırakmıştır. Turne üçlüyü kaynaştırırken, aynı zamanda görkemli bir dağılmaya sebep olur. İskender, Maradona ve Sait, yol arkadaşları Fatma ile bir dağılıp bir toparlanırlar.
Year Zero: The Silent Death of Cambodia=1979-10-30=John Pilger vividly reveals the brutality and murderous political ambitions of the Pol Pot/Khmer Rouge totalitarian regime which bought genocide and despair to the people of Cambodia while neighboring countries, including Australia, shamefully ignored the immense human suffering and unspeakable crimes that bloodied this once beautiful country.
Science Fiction Volume One: The Osiris Child=2017-08-31=Set in the future in a time of interplanetary colonization, an unlikely pair race against an impending global crisis and are confronted by the monsters that live inside us all.
Gardener of Eden=2007-04-26=When a young deli-counter clerk and general slacker in New Jersey accidentally saves a young woman from a serial rapist, he becomes convinced that his new role in life is to become a vigilante.
Perry Mason: The Case of the Fatal Framing=1992-03-01=A painter, believed to be dead, returns to make allegations that a gallery owner is selling counterfeits of his work. Later, the artist is murdered.
Heart and Souls=1993-08-13=A businessman is reunited with the four lost souls who were his guardian angels during childhood, all with a particular purpose to joining the afterlife.
Nye scener fra Amerika=2002-01-01=A look at post-9/11 America by the Danish documentarian.
Bian cheng san xia=1966-11-08=A wandering swordsman named Lu Fang (Jimmy Wang Yu) who is returning from battle discovers that several farmers have kidnapped the local magistrate’s daughter. He sides with them after learning that this is an act of desperation to improve their low standard of living. The magistrate hires bandits and another fighter named Huang Liang (Cheng Lui) to get his daughter back. Huang recognizes Lu as a comrade in arms and joins him in fending off the bandits. The standoff comes to an abrupt end when the magistrate uses one of the farmer’s daughters as leverage to get his own daughter back. Lu convinces the magistrate to punish him in place of the farmers, but he’s lied to. The magistrate’s daughter (Chin Ping) and a fighter in his employ (Lo Lieh), along with Huang help Lu to escape. Once recovered, our heroes return to see that a petition from the farmers gets to a higher-ranking official.
Nóz w wodzie=1962-03-09=On their way to a sailing trip, an aging husband and wife invite along an emphatic young hitchhiker out of sheer patronization.
American Hardcore=2006-09-22="Inspired by Steven Blush's book ""American Hardcore: A tribal history"" Paul Rachman's feature documentary debut is a chronicle of the underground hardcore punk years from 1979 to 1986. Interviews and rare live footage from artists such as Black Flag, Bad Brains, Minor Threat, SS Decontrol and the Dead Kennedys."
Forbidden World=1982-05-07=In the distant future, a federation marshal arrives at a research lab on a remote planet where a genetic experiment has gotten loose and begins feeding on the dwindling scientific group.
Бой с тенью 2: Реванш=2007-10-18=When Artem Kolchin, Denis Nikiforov, arrives in the U.S. to fight for the championship, he soon finds himself fighting for his life after he sends a young, aggressive boxer, who provokes him into sparring, into a coma and ultimately killing him. That is when Artem finds out that the young boxer was none other than the only son of Felix Mendez, the powerful Mexican mafia kingpin, played masterfully by Victor Herminio Lopez, and when the real fight begins.
The Fat Spy=1966-05-11="A mostly-deserted island, which is believed to be the home to the fountain of youth, is off the coast of Florida. The island gets some visitors in the form of a teenage boy band, ""the Wild Ones"", and their gang of swimsuit-clad young people, who head there in a crowded powerboat ostensibly for a scavenger hunt. However, they spend about half their screen time crooning to each other, or dancing on the beach.  The island's owner, Wellington  recruits his blonde  daughter, Junior , to remove the teenagers from the island. Junior is eager to see her love interest, rotund toupee-wearing botanist Irving . However, Irving is more interested in flowers and his bicycle than in the amorous Junior. Wellington asks Irving to spy on the teenagers, which he does by donning a sweatshirt that reads ""Fink University"", and ""getting their trust"" by joining them in dancing the Turtle."
Lifeguard=1976-07-23=Rick is a Los Angeles County lifeguard who is in his thirties. At his 15-year high school reunion, he sees his old girlfriend who is now a divorced mother. After falling in love with her, Rick considers changing his career and lifestyle.
劇場版「空の境界」 第一章 俯瞰風景=2007-12-01=When an odd string of suicides begins to occur at a local high rise building, most of the townsfolk treat it as an unfortunate series of events. One girl, however, senses something more sinister at work - especially when a close friend of hers falls mysteriously ill.
The Film Parade=1933-01-01="Pioneer filmmaker J. Stuart Blackton was intrigued by the idea of a film about the history of the movies as early as 1915. He finally released a 52-minute feature called The Film Parade that was shown in New York and favorably reviewed by ""Variety"" in 1933. He continued tinkering with the film for the rest of the decade, and later filmmakers and distributors used Blackton's footage for stock or to produce their own variously titled and truncated versions.  -UCLA Film &amp; Television Archive"
The Afflicted=2011-10-22=A story of incomprehensible abuse delivered by an explosively violent mother of four. Journey through the mind of a child that experiences a living hell, defined and defended by the twisted religious beliefs of her mother (imdb.com)
Svezia, inferno e paradiso=1968-09-04="Edmund Purdom narrates a pseudo-documentary about sexuality in Sweden. It shows contraceptives for teen girls, lesbian nightclubs, wife swapping, porno movies, biker gangs, and Walpurgis Night celebrations. It also examines Sweden's purported drug, drinking and suicide problems. It features the original appearance of Piero Umiliani's nonsense song ""Mah Nà Mah Nà"" which was later popularized by Jim Henson."
Baby=2015-01-23=An elite counter-intelligence unit learns of a plot, masterminded by a maniacal madman. With the clock ticking, it's up to them to track the terrorists' international tentacles and prevent them from striking at the heart of India.
Double Harness=1933-07-21=After tricking him into marriage, a woman (Ann Harding) tries to win the love of her philandering husband (William Powell).
Kater=2016-02-13=Andreas and Stefan lead a happy and passionate life: Together with their beloved tomcat Moses, they live in a beautiful old house in Vienna's vineyards. They work as a musician and as a scheduler in the same orchestra and they love their large circle of friends. An unexpected and inexplicable outburst of violence suddenly shakes up the relationship and calls everything into question - the blind spot that resides in all of us.
エロス＋虐殺=1969-10-15=Two interwoven stories. The first is a biography of anarchist Sakae Osugi which follows his relationship with three women in the 1920s. The second centers around two 1960s students researching Osugi's theories.
Black Christmas=2006-12-25=An escaped maniac returns to his childhood home on Christmas Eve, which is now a sorority house, and begins to murder the sorority sisters one by one. A remake of the 1974 horror movie, Black Christmas (1974).
Romulus, My Father=2007-05-19=It tells the story of Romulus, his beautiful wife, Christina, and their struggle in the face of great adversity to bring up their son, Raimond. It is a story of impossible love that ultimately celebrates the unbreakable bond between father and son.
Never Met Picasso=1996-01-01=Film from Stephen Kijak
Populaire=2012-11-27=Set in 1958, Populaire focuses on Rose Pamphyle, who lives with her widowed father and is destined to marry a son of the local mechanic. Rose travels out of town and applies for a secretarial job with an insurance agency run by Louis Échard. Louis learns that Rose can type with extraordinary speed -- using only two fingers -- and he tells her to compete in a speed-typing competition if she wants the job.
Summer of Fear=1996-04-03=The presence of a malicious stranger threatens to destroy the peace and harmony of a vacationing executive's family life.
The Fourth Angel=2001-08-15=Workaholic reporter, Jack Elgin takes his family on a working trip to India, but their aircraft is hijacked in Cyprus by a previously-unknown terrorist movement, and his wife and daughter are among the slaughtered. With western governments suppressing key facts and unwilling to go after the terrorists, Jack uses his contacts and snooping skill to seek the truth himself.
It Felt Like Love=2013-01-19=Fourteen-year-old Lila is experiencing an ennui-filled Brooklyn summer. She awkwardly wears a Kabuki-esque mask of sunscreen at the beach and plays third wheel to Chiara, her more experienced friend, and Chiara’s boyfriend, Patrick. Determined to have a love interest of her own, a bravado-filled Lila pursues Sammy, a tough but handsome older boy....
Long zai jiang hu=1986-12-20=Brandon plays Brandon Ma, a regular working Joe who holds down two jobs, so he can support his girlfriend May and his dream of owning a motorcycle. Brandon's best friend is Michael, an ambitious and murderous dope peddler. Michael covets May and so he comes up with a plan that will win her for him, and solves a problem he's been having. It seems that an undercover cop named Sharky has been using his police connections to dominate the local cocaine trade, so Michael has him killed and uses Brandon as the fall guy. Brandon goes to jail, though he thinks that he will be released soon thanks to the efforts of his good buddy Michael. Eight years later Brandon finally gets out of jail and vows revenge.
Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!=2008-11-28=Inspired by the incredible true story of Lucky Singh, an extremely charismatic and fearless confident man and thief who socialized with the rich, famous and influential of Delhi society and then proceeded to rob them blind. He was the bête noire of the police and had stolen millions by the time he was caught.
The Sea Bat=1930-07-05=The sister (Raquel Torres) of a sponge diver killed by a stingray loves an escaped convict (Charles Bickford) posing as a priest.
The Hornet's Nest=2014-05-09=Armed only with their cameras, Peabody and Emmy Award-winning conflict Journalist Mike Boettcher, and his son, Carlos, provide unprecedented access into the longest war in U.S. history.
Upside Down=2012-09-27=In an alternate universe where twinned worlds have opposite gravities, a young man battles interplanetary prejudice and the laws of physics in his quest to reunite with the long-lost girl of his dreams in this visually stunning romantic adventure that poses the question: what if love was stronger than gravity?
The Man Who Haunted Himself=1970-02-18=Harold Pelham, a partner in a large electronics firm, finds himself in bewildering circumstances after recovering from a near-fatal car accident. What causes him to renounce his high business principles? Why do friends and colleagues repeatedly sight him in places he has never been? And why does Julie, an attractive girl he has seen only once, claim such an intimate relationship with him? Does Pelham really have a doppelganger – or is he losing his mind?
Naked Souls=1996-05-18=Edward is busy trying to unlock the secrets of reading and recording people's thoughts. He is very involved with his work leaving little room for girlfriend Britt. Longstreet comes along and offers Edward a place to do his research and have unlimited funding. There are, however, ulterior motives as Edward is also somehow unlocking the secrets of eternal life.
Joy Division=2007-09-07=A chronological account of the influential late 1970s English rock band.
Across the Tracks=1991-02-14=When Billy returns from reform school he has to attend a different high school at the other side of town. He tries to start with a clean slate but his old rival doesn't make it easy on him and his buddy Louie tries to make him go astray again. His brother Joe, quite the opposite of Billy, is a good runner and determined to win a track scholarship. He suggests Billy to join his school's track team, which pits the two brothers against each other.
The Spanish Prisoner=1997-09-08=An employee of a corporation with a lucrative secret process is tempted to betray it. But there's more to it than that.
The Cheshire Murders=2013-07-22=In the early-morning hours of July 23, 2007, in Cheshire, Conn., ex-convicts Steven Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky broke into the family home of Dr. William Petit, his wife, Jennifer Hawke-Petit, and their daughters, Michaela, 11, and Hayley, 17. Dr. Petit was beaten and tied to a pole in the basement. The three women were bound in their bedrooms while the men ransacked the house. The brutal ordeal continued throughout the morning, ending with rape, arson and a horrific triple homicide.
Le Havre=2011-05-17=Marcel Marx, a former bohemian and struggling author, has given up his literary ambitions and relocated to the port city Le Havre. He leads a simple life based around his wife Arletty, his favourite bar and his not too profitable profession as a shoeshiner. As Arletty suddenly becomes seriously ill, Marcel's path crosses with an underage illegal immigrant from Africa, who needs Marcel's help to hide from the police.
Ed Hardy: Tattoo the World=2010-10-09=Ed Hardy is emblazoned on clothing worn by Madonna, Bruce Springsteen and Mick Jagger, on wine and dozens of other products. Now you'll meet the real Ed Hardy, the godfather of modern tattooing and artist extraordinaire who gave up a promising career in the fine arts to pursue his childhood obsession: tattoos.
Malizia 2=1985-01-01=A teenage boy that had early sexual encounters is having trouble finding them now, and spends a lot of time fantasizing about the women he knows. When a beautiful new girl comes to town, he makes a bet with the other guys that he can get her into bed within 10 days. His chief rival stacks the deck, though, by threatening to expose the new girl's sordid past (she was wrongly accused of being involved in an orgy at her previous school) if she sleeps with our hero. Confused about his situation, the boy seeks counsel from the sexy older woman across the street, and she helps him come to terms with his predicament.
Third Star=2010-06-01=James and his three closest lifelong friends go on an ill-advised trip to the stunning coastal area of Barafundle Bay in West Wales. What follows is a touching and comical adventure dealing with friendship, heroism and love.
Daddy's Home=2015-12-25=The story of a mild-mannered radio executive (Ferrell) who strives to become the best stepdad ever to his wife's two children, but complications ensue when their freewheeling, freeloading real father arrives, forcing stepdad to compete for the affection of the kids.
The Hunt for Gollum=2009-05-04=A British fan film based on the appendices of Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. Set in Middle-earth, Strider must hunt down Gollum to keep the Ring secret.
Deep Web=2015-03-15=Deep Web gives the inside story of one of the the most important and riveting digital crime sagas of the century -- the arrest of Ross William Ulbricht, the convicted 30-year-old entrepreneur accused to be 'Dread Pirate Roberts,' creator and operator of online black market Silk Road. The film explores how the brightest minds and thought leaders behind the Deep Web are now caught in the crosshairs of the battle for control of a future inextricably linked to technology, with our digital rights hanging in the balance.
Red Victoria=2008-03-01=A writer is forced to write a horror movie by an undead muse who motivates him by killing his friends and family.
It's Such a Beautiful Day=2011-11-17=The concluding chapter of Don Hertzfeldt's animated trilogy of shorts about a man named Bill and his wavering mental state.
Smart House=1999-06-26=Ben Cooper and his family struggling to get a grip on household chores, school and work. Ben is the family caretaker. So when Ben sees that a Smart House is being given away, he enters the competition as often as he can. The family wins the house (named Pat). After moving in Pat's personality begins to radically change, the family starts to resent her.
Machuca=2004-02-24="Santiago, capital of Chile during the Marxist government of elected, highly controversial president Salvador Allende. Father McEnroe supports his leftist views by introducing a program at the prestigious ""collegio"" (Catholic prep school) St. Patrick to allow free admission of some proletarian kids. One of them is Pedro Machuca, slum-raised son of the cleaning lady in Gonzalo Infante's liberal-bourgeois home. Yet the new classmates become buddies, paradoxically protesting together as Gonzalo gets adopted by Pedro's slum family and gang. But the adults spoil that too, not in the least when general Pinochet's coup ousts Allende, and supporters such as McEnroe."
Motley's Law=2015-10-15=This captivating documentary follows tough-as-nails lawyer (and former Mrs. Wisconsin) Kimberley Motley, the only American allowed to practice law in Afghanistan. Motley defends US and European citizens caught in the country’s legal and political quagmire, even as she finds herself under threat of assassination. While Motley brazenly chastises Afghani judges on behalf of her clients, she must also balance the needs of her family a world away.
Jack Frost=1997-11-18=Serial killer is genetically mutated in car wreck on the way to his execution. After which, he becomes a murdering snowman hell-bent on revenge for the sheriff who caught him.
Psych-Out=1968-03-06="Jenny, a deaf runaway who has just arrived in San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury district to find her long-lost brother, a mysterious bearded sculptor known around town as The Seeker. She falls in with a psychedelic band, Mumblin' Jim, whose members include Stoney, Ben, and Elwood. They hide her from the fuzz in their crash pad, a Victorian house crowded with love beads and necking couples. Mumblin' Jim's truth-seeking friend Dave considers the band's pursuit of success ""playing games,"" but he agrees to help Jennie anyway."
Douce=1943-11-09=In Paris in 1887, Irène works as a governess to Douce, the grand-daughter of the dowager Countess de Bonafé. Douce believes she is in love with Fabien, the handsome manager of the estate. However she cannot hope to marry him because of their class difference. Douce's widowed father, the Count de Bonafé, has a wooden leg, and is infatuated with Irène. Douce discovers that Fabien is planning to flee to Quebec with Irène, and also finds out that the Count has asked Irène to marry him. So Douce tells Fabien this and convinces him to run away with her, causing consternation in the family.
What Goes Up=2009-05-29=Set in the mid-80's when a reporter is sent to cover the Challenger Space Shuttle launch only to become mixed up in the lives of some local students.
Sarfarosh=1999-04-30=Ajay Rathore is a no-nonsense police officer from Mumbai Crime Branch. Long time ago his elder brother was killed by terrorists which caused him to quit his medical studies and join Indian Police Service. He is a great admirer of Pakistan-based ghazal singer Gulfam Hassan. During one of Hassan's concerts, they meet for the first time and become great friends. Meanwhile, Ajay's investigation into the Pakistan-supported cross-border terrorism takes him to Rajasthan and reveals an unsettling truth about someone close to his heart.
The Miracle of the Bells=1948-03-27=A town supports the memory of an aspiring actress who dies before her first film premieres.
Vincent: A Life in Color=2008-11-14=Vincent P. Falk is Fashion Man. Clad in brightly colored suits; Vincent twirls on Chicago's many bridges, performing fashion shows for passing tour boats. As he spins his way through the city, tourists and locals alike are left to wonder just who is this strange man. Over the course of one boat season, we follow Vincent and begin to unravel the mystery that surrounds him. We discover that the man behind the fashion, having come through the travails of life, has decided to do what makes him happy. And so, he spins on.
Le temps du loup=2003-08-28=When Anna and her family arrive at their holiday home, they find it occupied by strangers. This confrontation is just the beginning of a painful learning process.
Casper=1995-05-26="Furious that her late father only willed her his gloomy-looking mansion rather than his millions, Carrigan Crittenden is ready to burn the place to the ground when she discovers a map to a treasure hidden in the house. But when she enters the rickety mansion to seek her claim, she is frightened away by a wicked wave of ghosts. Determined to get her hands on this hidden fortune, she hires afterlife therapist Dr. James Harvey to exorcise the ghosts from the mansion. Harvey and his daughter Kat move in, and soon Kat meets Casper, the ghost of a young boy who's ""the friendliest ghost you know."" But not so friendly are Casper's uncles--Stretch, Fatso and Stinkie--who are determined to drive all ""fleshies"" away."
Large=2001-10-05=The son of a '70s rock star has to meet stringent conditions to inherit the family fortune, while his mates and greedy stepmother have other ideas.
The Prince and the Pauper=1962-03-11="In the London of 1537, two boys resembling each other exactly meet accidentally and exchange ""roles"" for a short while. After many adventures, the prince regains his rightful identity and graciously makes his ""twin"" a ward of the court."
Hoodlum=1997-08-27="In 1934, the second most lucrative business in New York City was running ""the numbers"". When, Madam Queen, the powerful woman who runs the scam in Harlem, is arrested. Ellsworth ""Bumpy"" Johnson takes over the business and must resist against the invasion from merciless mobster Dutch Shultz."
Bad Blood: A Cautionary Tale=2010-07-28="BAD BLOOD chronicles how a ""miracle"" treatment for hemophilia became an agent of death for 10,000 Americans."
Babes in Toyland=1934-12-14=Ollie Dee and Stanley Dum try to borrow money from their employer, the toymaker, to pay off the mortgage on Mother Peep's shoe and keep it and Little Bo Peep from the clutches of the evil Barnaby. When that fails, they trick Barnaby into marrying Stanley Dum instead of Bo Peep. Enraged, Barnaby unleashes the bogeymen from their caverns to destroy Toyland.
La Personne aux deux personnes=2008-06-18=80's pop icon Gilles Gabriel is about to make a comeback in the French music scene, until he accidentally hits Ranu, a slightly nutty accountant, when out driving one day. Both are horrified to realise that Gilles died in the crash, and that his spirit now lives in Ranu's head! The kooky accountant's life soon becomes chaos!
スレイヤーズぷれみあむ=2001-12-22=Lina and Gourry visited the town in a certain beach. In that town, a mysterious incident which is that the person who had eaten the octopus was not able to speak the languages other than the octopus language happened frequently. And, Gourry who does not know the incident eats slices of raw octopus, and he cannot speak words other than the octopus language. Ameria and Zelgadiss who came there by chance are involved in the trouble, too and the fight with the clan of the octopus which lives in the beach starts.
4:44 Last Day on Earth=2011-09-07=A look at how a painter and a successful actor spend their last day together before the world comes to an end.
Secretariat=2010-08-20=Housewife and mother Penny Chenery agrees to take over her ailing father's Virginia-based Meadow Stables, despite her lack of horse-racing knowledge. Against all odds, Chenery - with the help of veteran trainer Lucien Laurin - manages to navigate the male-dominated business, ultimately fostering the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years.
6 Month Rule=2012-06-01=A womanizer teaches his clueless friend the rules about being single and avoiding emotional attachment.
Pete Johansson: You Might Also Enjoy Pete Johansson=2016-07-15=Johansson's stand up special.
What Price Glory=1952-08-22=This remake of the 1926 silent film classic and play follows the adventures of a group of Marines stationed in France during World War I. Two military men, Captain Flagg (James Cagney) and Sergeant Quirt (Dan Dailey), who are rivals to begin with, grow more at odds with each other when Quirt is made Flagg's top sergeant. And when a local beauty (Corinne Calvet) comes between them, their rivalry escalates even further. But when they discover that the woman has marriage in mind, they now compete to try to avoid marching down the aisle - that is, until they are called upon to march into battle - in this compelling film that also stars Robert Wagner and William Demarest.
내 머리 속의 지우개=2004-11-05=A young couple's love is tested when Sun-jin is diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer's disease.
Homebodies=1974-09-01=When a quiet group of pensioners learn that their homes are to be torn down to make way for a block of flats, they decide to take action. What starts as an attempt to discourage the developers soon escalates into wholesale murder of both the developers and the construction workers.
Bovines=2012-02-22="In the fields, we see them, extended on the grass or grazing peacefully. Large placid beasts that we thought we knew because they are livestock. Lions, gorillas, bears have our attention, but has anyone ever really looked at cows? Asked what they were doing with their days? What do they do when a storm passes? When the sun comes back? What do they think when they stand motionless, seemingly contemplating the void? Do they think?  ""Bovines"" chronicles the true life of a cow: grazing, ruminating, gazing - but also feeling - mooing with grief, or just enjoying an apple…"
Killer=1994-09-14=This lyrical, modern-day film noir finds cynical hit man Mick (Anthony LaPaglia) tiring of his job and asking his boss, mob kingpin George (Peter Boyle), for time off. George gives him the assignment of his life, however, prompting Mick's soul-searching to reach new heights. Mick is asked to kill the sultry Fiona (Mimi Rogers), who owes George money and claims she wants to die. But as Mick spends time with her, he finds himself falling for her.
Dior and I=2015-03-27=In Frederic Tcheng’s masterful documentary, one enters the storied world that is the House of Christian Dior with a privileged, behind-the-scenes look at the creation of Raf Simons’ first Dior Haute Couture collection as Artistic Director, a true labor of love by a dedicated, charming, and often humorous group of collaborators. Beautifully melding the everyday, pressure-filled components of fashion with a mysterious and elegant reverence for the history of this iconic brand, Tcheng’s colorful homage to the seamstresses of the atelier is nothing short of magical. In English and French with subtitles.
Αλέξης Ζορμπάς=1964-12-14=An uptight English writer traveling to Crete on a matter of business finds his life changed forever when he meets the gregarious Alexis Zorba.
The Century of the Self=2002-03-17=A documentary about the rise of psychoanalysis as a powerful mean of persuasion for both governments and corporations.
You're Only Young Once=1937-12-10=Andy Hardy and his sister find romance during a family vacation in Catalina.
New Year's Evil=1980-12-26=During a New Year's Eve celebration, a punk-rock singer gets a phone call saying that when New Year's strikes in each time zone, someone will be murdered--and she will be the last one.
Beautiful Thing=1996-06-21=A pair of teenage boys growing up in a working-class neighbourhood of Thamesmead, in south-east London, become aware of their homosexuality. While both were vaguely aware they might be gay, neither had ever acted on their impulses. Once they decide that they're attracted to each other, neither is sure just what to do.
Vu du pont=1962-01-19=Eddie Carbone, a Brooklyn longshoreman is unhappily married to Beatrice and unconsciously in love with Catherine, the niece that they have raised from childhood. Into his house come two brothers, illegal immigrants, Marco and Rodolpho. Catherine falls in love with Rudolpho; and Eddie, tormented but unable to admit even to himself his quasi-incestuous love, reports the illegal immigrants to the authorities.
Les Carabiniers=1963-05-31=During a war in an imaginary country, unscrupulous soldiers recruit poor farmers with promises of an easy and happy life. Two of these farmers write to their wives of their exploits.
The Trials of Henry Kissinger=2002-09-29=This riveting documentary depicts former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger as a warmonger responsible for military cover-ups in Vietnam, Cambodia and East Timor, as well as the assassination of a Chilean leader in 1970. Based on a book by journalist Christopher Hitchens, the film includes interviews with historians, political analysts and such journalists as New York Times writer William Safire, a former Nixon speechwriter.
The Train Robbers=1973-02-07=A gunhand named Lane is hired by a widow, Mrs. Lowe, to find gold stolen by her husband so that she may return it and start fresh.
National Geographic American Blackout=2013-08-27="What if the Doomsday Preppers were right all along? Hacking into urban infrastructures isn't science fiction anymore - it's in the news every day. A 90-minute docu-drama, ""American Blackout"" reveals in gritty detail the impact of what happens when a cyber attack on the United States takes down the power grid. The question is: when the lights go out, what do we do next."
TransFatty Lives=2015-04-05=Diagnosed with ALS and given 2 to 5 years to live, New York City DJ, internet personality, and filmmaker, TransFatty, brings his camera along for the ride in this unconventional examination of life, death, and everything in between.
The Man Who Watched Trains Go By=1952-12-01=A meek teller thinks he's killed his boss. He flees with a box of cash hoping for a new life with his younger mistress.
Zwölf Stühle=2004-07-15=The film TWELVE CHAIRS linked in a spectacular way the dramaturgy of a treasure hunt and chase with a dense imagery of people and places. It tells both of yesterday and today, the reality of the people in the CIS countries and the universal humanity of our own actions. Large social utopia thus mixes with the individual hope of personal happiness, be it through money or in love.
Anastasia=1956-12-13=Russian exiles in Paris plot to collect ten million pounds from the Bank of England by grooming a destitute, suicidal girl to pose as heir to the Russian throne. While Bounin is coaching her he comes to believe she is really Anastasia. In the end the Empress must decide her claim.
Spider-Man 2=2004-06-25=Peter Parker is going through a major identity crisis. Burned out from being Spider-Man, he decides to shelve his superhero alter ego, which leaves the city suffering in the wake of carnage left by the evil Doc Ock. In the meantime, Parker still can't act on his feelings for Mary Jane Watson, a girl he's loved since childhood.
Fényes szelek=1969-02-06=Paralleling the dramatic student protests and riots that were exploding across the world in the 1960s at the time the film was made, The Confrontation is a story of protest and rebellion in 1947 Hungary when the Communist Party have just taken power. Jancsó's first colour film is another virtuoso display by a director at the peak of his powers, and eloquently explores the complex issues and inherent problems of revolutionary democracy.
Adama=2015-10-21="12 year-­old Adama lives in a remote village in West Africa, sheltered by the Cliffs. Out, beyond, lies ""the land of breaths"", the kingdom of wicked spirits hungry for war. When Samba, his elder brother, suddenly vanishes from the village, Adama decides to set off in search of him. Accompanied first by Abdou, a tragically lucid griot, then by Maximin, a street urchin who is his own negative twin, he crosses a Europe in the grip of war. We're in 1914. Borne by the energy of desperation and the poetry of childhood, Adama travels to the hell of the frontline in order to free his brother. Ultimately, Adama's love for his brother will open an unexpected way to his initiatory journey."
Murder by Death=1976-06-23=Lionel Twain invites the world's five greatest detectives to a 'dinner and murder'. Included are a blind butler, a deaf-mute maid, screams, spinning rooms, secret passages, false identities and more plot turns and twists than are decently allowed.
Keyhole=2011-09-09=Gangster and deadbeat dad, Ulysses Pick, embarks on an unusual journey through his home.
Problem Child 3=1995-05-13=Chapter 3 of the Problem Child trilogy features pre-teened Junior in love with a classmate that won't even notice him, but does notice three other boys who are rivals to Junior. This means war!
Fantasia=1940-11-13=Walt Disney's timeless masterpiece is an extravaganza of sight and sound! See the music come to life, hear the pictures burst into song and experience the excitement that is Fantasia over and over again.
The River Rat=1984-09-28=On the lazy banks of the Mississippi, a young girl is reunited with her time-served but innocent father. But the reunion is tainted with the whereabouts of the stolen loot, and those who come looking for it... With a luminous cast starring Tommy Lee Jones, Martha Plimpton and Brian Dennehy, this film outstands with simple craft, storytelling, setting and an all but lost cinema magic. Don't miss.
Cover Up=1949-02-25=In a small Midwestern town a man is found dead. Dennis O'Keefe plays an insurance investigator looking into the apparent suicide. All clues leads him into suspecting murder. Unfortunately, no one wants to assist him with the case, including Sheriff Larry Best (Bendix). Finally, attractive local girl Anita (Britton) breaks the silence and helps investigator Donovan solve the case.
Il ne faut jurer... de rien !=2005-09-28=Paris, 1830. Valentin loses himself in alcohol, gambling and women. He does not believe in life and especially not in love. His uncle Van Buck believes only in the virtues of money and trade. Everything separates them until the day when Van Buck, to improve his public image, wants to make Valentin marry the young and impoverished Baroness Cécile. Valentin, who has absolutely no desire to get married, bets that he can easily seduce her in 24 hours and thus prove that she, like all the others, is not worth loving... But Cécile, who believes in true love, will prove much more difficult to woo than envisaged and Valentin will have to use all possible stratagems to try and win his bet. The game of cat and mouse starts... But who is the cat?
The Village=2004-07-30=When a willful young man tries to venture beyond his sequestered Pennsylvania hamlet, his actions set off a chain of chilling incidents that will alter the community forever.
Only Two Can Play=1962-01-19=John Lewis is bored by his librarian's job and henpecked at home. Then Liz, wife of a local councillor, sets her sights on him. But this is risky stuff in a Welsh valleys town - if he and Liz ever manage to consummate their affair, that is.
건축학개론=2012-03-22=When Seung Min was on his first year at the Academy of Architecture, he met Seo Yeon. She was a musician student, and Seung Min totally fell in love with her. Years have passed, and now he meets Seo Yeon again - she asks him to rebuild her father's old house.
Rikyu=1989-09-15=Late in the 1500s, an aging tea master teaches the way of tea to a headstrong Shogun. Through force of will and courageous fighting, Hideyoshi becomes Japan's most powerful warlord, unifying the country. Rikyu, through the tea ceremony and floral arrangements, tempers his lord, helping Hideyoshi focus on a single flower or be in a simple room where the shape of a cup is of most importance. But other forces fuel Hideyoshi's ambitions: the Portuguese bring a globe and guns, and he believes he can conquer Korea and China. When Rikyu raises doubts about invading China, Hideyoshi demands an apology, and Rikyu himself must find courage in the way of tea.
黑太陽731=1988-12-01=The film is a graphic depiction of the war atrocities committed by the Japanese at Unit 731, the secret biological weapons experimentation unit of the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II. The film details the various cruel medical experiments Unit 731 inflicted upon the Chinese and Soviet prisoners at the tail-end of the war.
7 monaci d'oro=1966-02-08=Count Raimondo and his girlfriend Veronique return to Italy from Switzerland carrying with them a load of contraband cigarettes but, using the pretense of a kidnapping to cheat their supplier, they hide out in the convent run by his uncle Friar Hugh. In the same convent without anyone's knowledge, the bandit Lucky Marciano is also hiding out with a significant quantity of gold ingots stolen from the Swiss Federal Bank.
Rapture-Palooza=2013-06-07=Two teens battle their way through a religious apocalypse on a mission to defeat the Antichrist.
Der Unhold=1996-01-01=Frenchman Abel Tiffauges likes children, and wants to protect them against the grown-ups. Falsely suspected as child molester, he's recruited as a soldier in the 2nd World War, but very soon he is taken prisoner of war.
The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert=1994-05-31=Two drag-queens and a transsexual contract to perform a drag show at a resort in Alice Springs, a resort town in the remote Australian desert. They head west from Sydney aboard their lavender bus, Priscilla. En route, it is discovered that the woman they've contracted with is the wife of one of the drag queens. Their bus breaks down, and is repaired by Bob, who travels on with them.
8 Seconds=1994-02-25=This film chronicles the life of Lane Frost, 1987 PRCA Bull Riding World Champion, his marriage and his friendships with Tuff Hedeman (three-time World Champion) and Cody Lambert.
H.O.T.S.=1979-05-01=Four girls spurned by the popular Sorority on campus decide to start their own and steal all the men on campus away from the house that rejected them.
The Movie Hero=2003-03-08=A man believes his life is a movie watched by an audience only he can see.In his feature film debut, director Brad T. Gottfred delivers a spoof of cinema cliches with a memorable protagonist named Blake Gardner (Jeremy Sisto), who believes his life is a movie. Playing to an audience only he perceives -- and determined to entertain them. Blake recruits a comical black sidekick (Brian J. White), attempts to apprehend the bad guy (Peter Stormare) and begins romancing his court-appointed psychotherapist (Dina Meyer).
Band of Brothers=2001-09-09=Drawn from interviews with survivors of Easy Company, as well as their journals and letters, Band of Brothers chronicles the experiences of these men from paratrooper training in Georgia through the end of the war. As an elite rifle company parachuting into Normandy early on D-Day morning, participants in the Battle of the Bulge, and witness to the horrors of war, the men of Easy knew extraordinary bravery and extraordinary fear - and became the stuff of legend. Based on Stephen E. Ambrose's acclaimed book of the same name.
Gun Glory=1957-07-19=An ex-gunslinger (Stewart Granger) shunned by townsfolk is the only one who knows how to stop a ruthless cattleman.
Fog Over Frisco=1934-06-02=Bette Davis and Margaret Lindsay portray stepsisters from a society family in this atmospheric tale of crime and punishment in the City by the Bay. One sister is amiable, upright, eager to uphold the family name. The other is volatile, risk-taking, a moth hovering too close to the flame of high-living lowlifes who launder stolen bonds. Care to guess which actress plays her?
Eu cand vreau să fluier, fluier=2010-03-26=A teenager prisoner awaits his release when two weeks before that happens he's told that his mother is returned home. Meanwhile, he finds himself in love with a Sociology student, Ana, working in the penitentiary as an intern.
Al final del túnel=2016-04-21=A paraplegic computer engineer that moves in a wheelchair and works in his basement starts hearing noises and voices of bank-robbers.
The 7th Voyage of Sinbad=1958-12-05=When a princess is shrunken by an evil wizard, Sinbad must undertake a quest to an island of monsters to cure her and prevent a war.
Between the Lines=1977-04-27=Story of an underground newspaper in Boston about to be taken over by big business.
Government Girl=1943-11-05=An aviation engineer and a government secretary are thrown together by the war effort.
Body Rock=1984-09-28=Chilly is just a guy from the streets with a talent for break-dancing. When his wicked moves catch the eye of an inustry pro, Chilly finds his dreams of fame and fortune coming true, for better or for worse.
Scooby-Doo! Pirates Ahoy!=2006-01-01=Ghost pirates attack the cruise ship that Scooby and the gang are vacationing on.
The Citadel=1938-10-29=Andrew Manson, a young, idealistic, newly qualified Scottish doctor arrives in Wales takes his first job in a mining town, and begins to wonder at the persistent cough many of the miners have. When his attempts to prove its cause are thwarted, he moves to London. His new practice does badly. But when a friend shows him how to make a lucrative practice from rich hypochondriacs, it will take a great shock to show him what the truth of being a doctor really is.
Dým bramborové natě=1977-10-01=In this character study by Czech director Frantisek Vlacil, a stout middle-aged physician whose marriage has come apart establishes a practice in a small town. Gradually he's drawn into the lives of his patients—a childless couple, a pregnant girl with a stern mother, the son of a duck farmer—and each relationship reveals a bit more about him and the idyllic but insular community.
Postman Pat: The Movie=2014-05-23="Like always, Postman Pat is happily going about his duty delivering letters and parcels around the fictional town of Greendale. One day, auditions for the TV talent show, ""You're the One"", are held in Greendale, which Pat manages to pass. With Pat required to be away from Greendale whilst participating in the contest, various Patbot 3000 robots are deployed to take Pat's postal duties. This soon turns out to be an evil plot to take over the world, which Pat must now stop."
10.000 KM=2014-05-16=Two people in love, two apartments - one in Barcelona and another on in Los Angeles - and the images of their past, present and future. Can love survive 10,000km?
Porgy and Bess=1959-06-24=Set in the early 1900s in the fictional Catfish Row section of Charleston, South Carolina, which serves as home to a black fishing community, the story focuses on the titular characters, crippled beggar Porgy, who travels about in a goat-drawn cart, and the drug-addicted Bess, who lives with stevedore Crown, the local bully.
Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me=1992-06-03=In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washington, FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended, and, after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters, Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile, in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks, hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate.
Rio=1939-12-29=Diabolical French capitalist Paul Reynard is forced to leave Irene, his bride of one year, when he is arrested for the crimes of forgery and embezzlement and sentenced to a penal colony off the coast of South America.
Osone-ke no ashita=1946-02-21=A Japanese family weathers much hardship after their military uncle comes to live with them during WWII.
Brokeback Mountain=2005-09-02=Brokeback Mountain is an Ang Lee film about two modern day cowboys who meet on a shepherding job in the summer of ’63. The two share a raw and powerful summer together that turns into a life long relationship conflicting with the lives they are supposed to live.
Maya Lin: A Strong Clear Vision=1995-11-10=A film about the work of the artist most famous for her monuments such as the Vietnam Memorial Wall and the Civil Rights Fountain Memorial.
Sacco and Vanzetti=2006-04-06=SACCO AND VANZETTI is an 80-minute-long documentary that tells the story of Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti, two Italian immigrant anarchists who were accused of a murder in 1920, and executed in Boston in 1927 after a notoriously prejudiced trial. It is the first major documentary film about this landmark story.
Fai bei sogni=2016-11-10=Turin, 1969. Nine-year-old Massimo’s idyllic childhood is shattered by the mysterious death of his mother. The young boy refuses to accept this brutal loss, even if the priest says she is now in Heaven. Years later in the 90s, adult Massimo has become an accomplished journalist. After reporting on the war in Sarajevo, he begins to suffer from panic attacks. As he prepares to sell his parents’ apartment, Massimo is forced to relive his traumatic past. Compassionate doctor Elisa could help tormented Massimo open up and confront his childhood wounds…
Flamenco Flamenco=2010-11-19=A look at the history and traditions of flamenco music and dance.
Happy Few=2010-09-15=Mutual attraction leads two married couples to swap bedtime partners.
The Private War of Major Benson=1955-08-02=A Major noted for advancing with his mouth before thinking is given a choice: to be drummed out of the Army, or take command of and shape up the ROTC program at Sheridan Academy before it fails its next inspection. At Sheridan he encounters three hundred pre-teen cadets who range from rascally to adorable, and a female doctor who has just the right prescription for him.
Twice in a Lifetime=1985-10-23=A middle-aged steelworker is content with his job and his family, but feels that something is missing in his life. On his 50th birthday, he stops in at a local bar for a drink to celebrate. He finds himself attracted to the young, very sexy barmaid--and, to his surprise, he finds that she is also very attracted to him.
Flesh Gordon=1974-07-30="Emperor Wang (the Perverted) is leader of the planet Porno and sends his mighty ""Sex Ray"" towards Earth, turning everyone into sex-mad fiends. Only one man can save the Earth, football player Flesh Gordon. Along with his girlfriend Dale Ardor and Professor Flexi-Jerkoff, they set off towards the source of the Sex Ray, unaware of the perils that face them!"
Excalibur=1981-04-10=The myth of King Arthur brought to the screen. Uthur Pendragon is given the mystical sword Excalibur by Merlyn. At his death Uthur buries the sword into a stone, and the next man that can pull it out will be King of England. Years later Arthur, Uthur's bastard son draws Excalibur and becomes king. Arthur's evil half-sister Morgana sires a son with him, who may prove his downfall.
Flores Raras=2013-02-09=In 1951 New York poet Elizabeth Bishop travels to Rio de Janeiro to visit Mary, a college friend. The shy Elizabeth is overwhelmed by Brazilian sensuality. She is the antithesis to Mary’s dashing partner, architect Lota de Macedo Soares. Although frosty at first, the architect soon makes a play for Elizabeth and the poet finally succumbs to Lota’s advances. Mary is jealous, but unconventional Lota is determined to have both women at all costs. Their ménage à trois is thrown off balance when Lota starts work on her biggest project to date, designing Parque do Flamengo in Rio. Elizabeth accepts an academic teaching post in the USA and the women drift apart. Lota, at all other times brimming with self-confidence, is inconsolable. This eternal triangle plays out against the backdrop of the military coup of 1964. Bishop’s moving poems are at the core of a film which lushly illustrates a crucial phase in the life of this influential Pulitzer prize-winning poet
The Oklahoma Kid=1939-03-11="McCord's gang robs the stage carrying money to pay Indians for their land, and the notorious outlaw ""The Oklahoma Kid"" Jim Kincaid takes the money from McCord. McCord stakes a ""sooner"" claim on land which is to be used for a new town; in exchange for giving it up he gets control of gambling and saloons. When Kincaid's father runs for mayor, McCord incites a mob to lynch the old man whom McCord has already framed for murder."
The Lusty Men=1952-10-24=Retired rodeo champion Jeff McCloud agrees to mentor novice rodeo contestant Wes Merritt against the wishes of Merritt's wife who fears the dangers of this rough sport.
The Possession Experiment=2016-10-14=When a student takes on a theology project, he taps into another side that had been hidden away from him.
Snowblind=2010-11-11=A lone gunman gets a last-minute pardon from death row, with the mission to deliver a woman of mysterious powers to an evil Governor. Against the backdrop of a frozen, inhospitable earth, Snowblind fires up the classical love triangle with smoking barrels and a ton of red-hot bullets.
Neal Cassady=2007-10-11="The story of what happened to Neal Cassady after Jack Kerouac's ""On The Road"" came out. Deals primarily with Neal's relationship to his fictional alter-ego, Dean Moriarty."
It! The Terror from Beyond Space=1958-07-31="In 1973, the first manned expedition to Mars is marooned; by the time a rescue mission arrives, there is only one survivor: the leader, Col. Edward Carruthers, who appears to have murdered the others! According to Carruthers, an unknown life form killed his comrades during a sandstorm. But the skeptical rescuers little suspect that ""it"" has stowed away for the voyage back to Earth..."
Over the Brooklyn Bridge=1984-03-02=A put-upon Jewish deli owner in Brooklyn dreams of getting out from underneath the thumb of his domineering father and his haughty fashion-model girlfriend by buying his own restaurant in midtown Manhattan.
L'arte della felicità=2013-11-21=Sergio driving a taxi in a white Naples overflowing sadness and garbage. Pouring rain leads her clients through the city trying to process the death of his brother, who started ten years earlier for Tibet and never returned. A pop singer, a recycler of fragments of life, a radio announcer, an old uncle, alternate seats on its bearing, each in its own way, a trace of his brother loved. Stubborn not to go over and get lost in an endless race, Sergio is overwhelmed by memories and the music produced in pairs with Alfredo, which in Buddhism and in its foundations had found the strength to cope with the disease. Those notes that he believed buried and laid to always return overbearing and demanding a soundboard that resonate and express his being sound. Putting his hand on the piano, Sergio Alfredo feel again, giving the past with the present and realizing itself in the feeling.
Kinamand=2005-04-01=Keld is in a rut. His wife of 25 years has left him. For sustenance, he eats his way through the menu at the local Chinese takeaway. The owner talks him into a marriage of convenience with his sister from China and the unplanned-for happens. A delicate romance blossoms between these two damaged, fragile individuals, but a secret gives their relationship a fateful twist. A subtle and touching story of life's diversity.
Trois couleurs : Blanc=1994-01-26=Polish immigrant Karol Karol finds himself out of a marriage, a job and a country when his French wife, Dominique, divorces him after six months due to his impotence. Forced to leave France after losing the business they jointly owned, Karol enlists fellow Polish expatriate Mikolah to smuggle him back to their homeland.
Creature Comforts=1989-07-15=Interviews with the public are used to put words in animal mouths, in the Oscar-winning film from the creator of Wallace and Gromit.
Mediastan=2013-10-02=A small group of Wikileaks journalists make their way through Central Asia interviewing newspaper editors. Their real goal: to find local media outlets to publish secret US diplomatic cables. This intelligent, guerrilla-style doc follows their fascinating journey from Afghanistan to Manhattan, through the boundaries of free speech and the minds of those who shape our understanding of the world.
The Benchwarmers=2006-04-07=A trio of guys try and make up for missed opportunities in childhood by forming a three-player baseball team to compete against standard little league squads.
The Eternal=1998-09-18=An alcoholic American couple travel to the UK with their son so he can meet his grandmother but they walk in on their crazed uncle who is in the midst of reviving a centuries-old Druid witch.
Sunrise at Campobello=1960-09-28=The story of Franklin Roosevelt's bout with polio at age 40 in 1921 and how his family (and especially wife Eleanor) cope with his illness. From being stricken while vacationing at Campobello to his triumphant nominating speech for Al Smith's presidency in 1924, the story follows the various influences on his life and his determination to recover - based on the award winning Broadway play of the same name.
La bande des quatre=1989-02-08=Four inseparable high-school seniors gain from each other the courage to face the harsh realities of their rapidly approaching adulthood.
Tough Enough=1983-05-20="An aspiring country/western singer, whose money is disappearing faster than his career opportunities, enters a ""Tough Man"" amateur boxing contest to earn some cash to pay his bills. Amazingly enough, he wins it, and is picked to go onto the national finals. He's torn between his first love, music, and the glitz, glamor and money of the ""Tough Man"" world."
Lawrence of Arabia=1962-12-10=An epic about British officer T.E. Lawrence's mission to aid the Arab tribes in their revolt against the Ottoman Empire during the First World War. Lawrence becomes a flamboyant, messianic figure in the cause of Arab unity but his psychological instability threatens to undermine his achievements.
Life in a Day=2011-01-27=A documentary shot by filmmakers all over the world that serves as a time capsule to show future generations what it was like to be alive on the 24th of July, 2010.
Heleno=2012-03-29=José Henrique Fonseca crafts an ambitious and long overdue homage to a central icon in Brazil’s 20th century history. Reminiscent of film noir classics, the biopic tells the glorious and tragic story of the legendary football striker Heleno de Freitas. The sumptuous black and white cinematography reflects the chic life of Rio de Janeiro in the 1940s as it fell under the spell of sports royalty. Heleno was no doubt one of the most popular players of his time for his bravura in the field and magnificent goal-scoring that lead the Botafogo team to the top and himself into a vicious downward spiral.
Human Trafficking=2005-10-24=When a sixteen-year-old girl from the Ukraine, a single mother from Russia, an orphaned seventeen-year-old girl from Romania, and a twelve-year-old American tourist become the victims of international sex slave traffickers, a specialized team of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) struggles to expose the worldwide network that has enslaved them.
Off World=2013-01-15=College friends Devin, Jack, Shelly, Kristy, Shaun, and Flower rent a spacecraft to autopilot them to Centauri Five for a holiday break. Impatient over the rental agency restricting the ship’s speed to 10x, Devin and the others convince Shaun to remove the craft’s constrictor device. Doing so damages the computer’s automated systems, as well as the ability to send a distress beacon, causing the six friends to crash land on an uncharted alien planet.
Uptown Saturday Night=1974-07-26=Sidney Poitier and Bill Cosby team up in this hilarious misadventure as buddies Steve and Wardell, who head uptown to a swanky nightclub. Unfortunately, thieves hit the club and steal Steve's wallet -- which happens to hold a winning lottery ticket. Poitier also directed this classic 1970s comedy, which co-stars Harry Belafonte as Godfather figure Geechie Dan Beauford and Richard Pryor.
Wyoming Renegades=1954-03-27=Brady Sutton returns from three years in prison and tries to go straight. One a member of the Butch Cassidy gang, he is still suspected of being cahoots with them. When Cassidy and his men rob the bank, he is blamed. Escaping from the townspeople, he once again joins up with Cassidy to wait for a chance to help bring him in.
Charodei=1982-01-01=In a small Russian town, there is a Research Institute for magic. One of the witches, Alyona Sanina, is going to marry a guy named Ivan Puhov (not a magician). A jealous Apollon Sataneev tells her boss Kira Shemahandskaya that Sanina is going to marry not Ivan Puhov, but Ivan Kivrin, whom Shemahandskaya is going to marry herself. Enraged, Shemahandskaya, who is a powerful witch, orders Sanina to forget about her Ivan and marry Sataneev instead. And this will be final unless Alyona kisses Puhov before midnight on New Year. Alyona's friends call Puhov to the rescue.
Sniper: Special Ops=2016-04-03=A Special Ops military Force, led by expert sniper Sergeant Jake Chandler, are sent to a remote Afghan village to extract an American congressman being held by the Taliban.
Things Change=1988-10-21=Jerry, a misfit Mafia henchman, is assigned the low-level job of keeping an eye on Gino, a shoe repairman fingered by the Mob to confess to a murder he didn't commit. But Gino's mistaken for a Mafia boss, and the two are suddenly catapulted to the highest levels of mobster status. Only friendship will see them through this dangerous adventure alive!
Sword of the Valiant: The Legend of Sir Gawain and the Green Knight=1984-08-17=Gawain was a squire in King Arthur's court when the Green Knight burst in and offered to play a game with a brave knight. Gawain journeys across the land, learning about life, saving damsels, and solving the Green Knight's riddle.
Cop Car=2015-08-07=Two kids find themselves in the centre of a deadly game of cat and mouse after taking a sheriff's cruiser for a joy ride.
The Other Boleyn Girl=2008-02-28=A sumptuous and sensual tale of intrigue, romance and betrayal set against the backdrop of a defining moment in European history: two beautiful sisters, Anne and Mary Boleyn, driven by their family's blind ambition, compete for the love of the handsome and passionate King Henry VIII.
Zombibi=2012-02-16=The bizarre story takes place in Amsterdam-West, where a virus turns people into bloodthirsty zombies. Although much blood is flowing and many limbs chopped off, there is a lot to laugh at in this bizarre horror comedy.
Silentium=2004-01-01=Silentium is a 2004 Austrian film based on a novel by Wolf Haas.
弾丸ランナー=1996-11-09=An unemployed man trying to steal from a convenience store, and the store clerk catches him in the act... the thief runs away with the store-clerk right after him. All the while, the store clerk is in trouble with a low-rank yakuza. Along the chase for the thief, they catch the eye of the Yakuza who's been looking for the convenience store clerk
Creature=2011-09-09=An ex-Navy seal (Mehcad Brooks), his girlfriend (Serinda Swan) and their friends head out on a road trip to New Orleans. The group decides to stop at a roadside convenience store owned by Chopper (Sid Haig), who tells them the tale of Lockjaw, a fabled god-like creature who is half-man, half-alligator.
Na Izmene=2010-06-06=A parliament member suddenly finds a dead body in his hotel room...
Tarot=1973-01-01=A young, beautiful woman marries a rich old blind man. While in the household she becomes aware of a plot to kill her elderly husband.
Bridge To Terabithia=1985-02-04=Jess Aarons and new girl Leslie Burke create a world of their own and call it Terabithia and pretend to be the king and queen. They return to their magical kingdom every day after school.
Song Without End=1960-08-11=The romantic story of Hungarian pianist Franz Liszt (Dirk Bogarde), whose scandalous love affair forced him to abandon his adoring audiences.
Dead or Alive: Final=2002-01-12=Set in a post apocalyptic Yokohama where the population is kept under rigid control by a homosexual megalomaniac mayor. The citizens are administered drugs to suppress heterosexual urges. Officer Takeshi Honda (Riki Takeuchi) is a hard boiled cop enforcing the mayor's agenda, and Ryō (Show Aikawa) is a mellowed out drifter that hooks up with a gang of rebels. When the gang kidnap Takeshi's son, it begins a series of events leading to an inevitable showdown.
Les quatre cents farces du diable=1906-01-01=Two travellers are tormented by Satan from inn to inn and eventually experience a buggy ride through the heavens courtesy of the Devil before he takes one of them down to Hell and roasts him on a spit.
Let It Come Down: The Life of Paul Bowles=1999-04-01=One of the most enigmatic artists of the 20th century, writer, composer and wanderer Paul Bowles (1910-1999) is profiled by a filmmaker who has been obsessed with his genius since age nineteen. Set against the dramatic landscape of North Africa, the mystery of Bowles (famed author of The Sheltering Sky) begins to unravel in Jennifer Baichwal's poetic and moving Let It Come Down: The Life of Paul Bowles. Rare, candid interviews with the reclusive Bowles--at home in Tangier, as well as in New York during an extraordinary final reunion with Allen Ginsberg and William Burroughs--are intercut with conflicting views of his supporters and detractors. At the time in his mid-eighties, Bowles speaks with unprecedented candor about his work, his controversial private life and his relationships with Gertrude Stein, Tennessee Williams, Truman Capote, the Beats, and his wife and fellow author Jane Bowles.
Jasminum=2006-06-29="Dziejące się współcześnie ""Jasminum"" (łacińska nazwa jaśminu) opowiada historię tajemniczą i magiczną, pełną zmysłowych zapachów, wypełnioną szczególnym światłem jakie roztacza wokół siebie miłość. Klasztor, w którym toczy się akcja filmu, nie różniłby się od innych, gdyby nie fakt, że trzech mieszkających tam zakonników posiada pewną niezwykłą cechę. Każdy z nich pachnie innym, owocowym zapachem: jeden czeremchą, drugi czereśnią, a trzeci śliwą, a zapachy te mają szczególne właściwości... Pewnego dnia do klasztoru przyjeżdża młoda konserwatorka malarstwa, która otrzymuje zlecenie odnowienia tamtejszych obrazów. Natasza pojawia się w Jaśminowie wraz ze swoją 5-letnią córką Gienią. Urok i dociekliwość dziewczynki wprowadzają wiele zamętu w spokojne dotąd życie mnichów. W tej historii i ludzie i budynki i zapachy mają swoje tajemnice"
Elle l'adore=2014-06-18=Muriel Bayen, a divorced beautician and mother of two, loves to tell stories. She is a huge fan of this singer Vincent Lacroix, in fact she is a dedicated fan. One day Vincent knock on her door and ask for her help.
"This So-Called Disaster: Sam Shepard Directs ""The Late Henry Moss"""=2003-01-01="Director Michael Almereyda's documentary on the weeks just prior to Sam Shepard's stage production of his play ""The Late Henry Moss."""
East Side, West Side=1949-12-22=A New Yorker's (James Mason) mistress (Ava Gardner) drives his wife (Barbara Stanwyck) to a war hero; then someone kills the mistress.
$ Dollars=1971-12-17=A bank security expert plots with a call girl to rob the safety deposit boxes of three very different criminals from a high-tech bank in Hamburg.
Thunder Birds=1942-10-19=On a secluded base in Arizona, veteran World War I pilot Steve Britt trains flyers to fight in World War II. One of his trainees, Englishman Peter Stackhouse, competes with Britt for the affections of Kay Saunders, the daughter of a local rancher. Despite their differences, Britt makes sure Sutton passes his training and becomes a combat pilot -- even though he loses Kay to the young man in the process.
Iron Jawed Angels=2004-01-16=Defiant young activists take the women's suffrage movement by storm, putting their lives at risk to help American women win the right to vote.
Le créateur=1999-06-16=Auteur à succès, Darius voit des affiches annonçant sa nouvelle pièce. Soudain pris de panique, il se rappelle qu'il a oublié de l'écrire...
Redemption: The Stan Tookie Williams Story=2004-03-03="Redemption tells the story of Stan ""Tookie"" Williams, founder of the Crips L.A. street gang. Story follows his fall into gang-banging, his prison term, and his work writing children's novels encouraging peace and anti-violence resolutions which earned him multiple Nobel Peace Prize nominations. After exhausting all forms of appeal, Tookie was executed by lethal injection."
Look=2007-10-05=Interconnected stories are told entirely through images captured on security cameras in storage rooms, police cars, parking lots, shopping malls and other locations. Store manager Tony has affairs with the women who work under him, high schooler Sherri schemes to seduce teacher Berry, a pedophile stalks his next victim at a mall food court and two thieves go on a killing spree that links to other tales witnessed by the unseen electronic eyes.
Samurai Rauni Reposaarelainen=2016-09-21=Villagers are afraid of Samurai Rauni Reposaarelainen, who keeps them on their toes every day. When someone places a bounty on Rauni's head, he goes after this mysterious person.
The Boost=1988-12-23="Lenny Brown moves to California to find his fortune in tax shelter investments. When the federal government changes the tax laws, poor Lenny finds himself $700,000 in hock with nowhere to turn. His friend, Joel, introduces him to cocaine to give Lenny that needed ""boost"". What ensues next is a descent into drug addiction and insanity as Lenny tries to regain control of his life, all the while needing that extra ""boost""."
Kimjongilia=2009-01-01=North Korea is one of the world's most isolated nations. For sixty years, North Koreans have been governed by a totalitarian regime that controls all information entering and leaving the country. A cult of personality surrounds its two recent leaders: first, Kim Il Sung, and now his son, Kim Jong Il...
공동경비구역 JSA=2000-09-09=In the DMZ separating North and South Korea, two North Korean soldiers have been killed, supposedly by one South Korean soldier. But the 11 bullets found in the bodies, together with the 5 remaining bullets in the assassin's magazine clip, amount to 16 bullets for a gun that should normally hold 15 bullets. The investigating Swiss/Swedish team from the neutral countries overseeing the DMZ suspects that another, unknown party was involved - all of which points to some sort of cover up. The truth is much simpler and much more tragic.
Tremors=1990-01-19=Hick handymen Val McKee and Earl Bassett can barely eke out a living in the Nevada hamlet of Perfection, so they decide to leave town -- despite an admonition from a shapely seismology coed who's picking up odd readings on her equipment. Before long, Val and Earl discover what's responsible for those readings: 30-foot-long carnivorous worms with a proclivity for sucking their prey underground.
超高速！参勤交代=2014-06-21=During the reign of the eighth shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate, the Yunagaya Domain in the Tohoku region is a small han. But at the han, there is a gold mine. Suddenly, Masaatsu Naito of Yunagaya Domain receives an order to perform Sankin-kotai within 5 days.  Sankin-kotai is a custom that requires the daimyo to visit the shogun in Edo. Unfortunately, the time needed to visit the shogun in Edo for Masaatsu Naito is 8 days. Masaatsu Naito also learns he received the order because a high ranking government official wants the gold mine. Also, the expense for Sankin-kotai is high and the Yunagaya Domain is such a small han that it seems impossible to complete. Nevertheless, Masaatsu Naito begins an unexpected operation to complete Sankin-kotai in 5 days.
Высоцкий. Спасибо, что живой=2011-12-01=Russian poet, singer and actor Vladimir Vysotsky was an idol of the 1970s and '80s. In 1980, at the age of 42, he passed away during the Moscow Olympic Games. This is the story of his last great love as handed down to his son from a family friend. Written by nitorch.
Thru the Mirror=1936-05-30=Mickey has been reading Alice in Wonderland, and falls asleep. He finds himself on the other side of the mirror, where the furniture is alive. He eats a walnut, which makes him briefly larger, then small. He dances around a lot, ultimately doing a major number with a deck of cards. He dances with the queen, making the king jealous. He comes after Mickey with swords, and Mickey defends himself with a sewing needle. Mickey gets the upper hand, and the king calls for reinforcements. Mickey finds himself chased by several decks, which throw their spots at him. He turns on a fan and blows them away, back through the mirror, where his alarm is ringing.
Scooby-Doo! and the Witch's Ghost=1999-11-05="A famous horror writer, Ben Ravencroft invites the Scooby gang to his home town of Oakhaven where they find the ghost of ""witch"" Sarah Ravencroft, a relative of Ben's, is haunting the town."
Mao's Last Dancer=2009-10-01=At the age of 11, Li was plucked from a poor Chinese village by Madame Mao's cultural delegates and taken to Beijing to study ballet. In 1979, during a cultural exchange to Texas, he fell in love with an American woman. Two years later, he managed to defect and went on to perform as a principal dancer for the Houston Ballet and as a principal artist with the Australian Ballet.
Redirected=2014-01-10=Four friends become stranded in Eastern Europe and have to become hit men, prostitutes, corrupt cops, smugglers and more to make it home.
Monster High: Frights, Camera, Action!=2014-03-25=When Draculaura is led to believe she's the rightful heir to the vampire throne, she and her best ghoulfriends are whisked away to Transylvania for a royal coronation to die for. But they soon discover the hunt for the queen is not over yet. The Ghouls must locate an ancient artifact known as the Vampire's Heart in order to discover the identity of the true Vampire Queen. It's a fangtastic adventure that will lead them from the Tower of Londoom, to a haunted river boat in New Goreleans and finally to the glamorous boo-vie lots of Hauntlywood. Could this be the moment when Draculara finally receives her vampire powers and discovers screams really can come true?
Cha cha cha=2013-06-20=An accident involving a 16-years old prompts private eye Corso to an investigation that will unearth a deep web of corruption in today's Rome.
Padroni di casa=2012-03-13=Two construction-workers, the brothers Cosimo and Elia are hired by a famous singer to do some work on his rural mansion, before he's due to make his big career comeback-concert in his home city. It all seems like an easy enough job, but the small town community doesn't like strangers.
Rio Grande=1950-11-15=Lt. Col. Kirby Yorke is posted on the Texas frontier to defend settlers against depredations of marauding Apaches. Col. Yorke is under considerable stress by a serious shortage of troops of his command. Tension is added when Yorke's son (whom he hasn't seen in fifteen years), Trooper Jeff Yorke, is one of 18 recruits sent to the regiment.
The Hippopotamus=2017-03-19=Disgraced poet Ted Wallace is summoned to his friend's country manor to investigate a series of unexplained miracles.
기다리다 미쳐=2008-01-01="""Crazy Waiting"" follows four different couples as they deal with the separation caused by the men serving their mandatory military duties."
Tooken=2015-05-26="Spoof of the ""Taken"" franchise. An ex-CIA agent who is now a mall security guard discovers that things are being taken from him. He must team up with his mom, also an ex-CIA agent, to defeat his rival and save his family."
Zanjeer=2013-09-05=A remake of the 1973 action film of the same name.
跑吧孩子=2003-08-06=A remake of the award-winning Iranian film Children of Heaven, Homerun is a drama about two poor siblings and their adventures over a lost pair of shoes.
Still Waiting...=2009-02-17=After Shenaniganz loses all its hottest waitresses to new competitor Ta-Ta's Wing Shack -- where the scantily clad wait staff earns bigger tips -- the Shenaniganz staff aims to give Ta-Ta's its just desserts. This sequel to the 2005 indie-comedy hit welcomes back familiar faces, such as Nick (Andy Milonakis), Natasha (Vanessa Lengies) and Calvin (Rob Benedict), and features cameos by Justin Long,
My Ain Folk=1973-12-01=When Jamie's maternal grandmother dies, he and his brother Tommy are separated - Tommy is taken off to a welfare home and Jamie goes to live with his other grandmother and uncle. His life is far from happy, filled with silence, rejection and bouts of violence.
Critical Care=1997-10-31=Werner Ernst is a young hospital resident who becomes embroiled in a legal battle between two half-sisters who are fighting over the care of their comatose father. But are they really fighting over their father's care, or over his $10 million estate? Meanwhile, Werner must contend with his nutty supervisor, who insists that he only care for patients with full insurance. Can Werner sidestep the hospital's legal team and do what's best for the patient?
龍在江湖=1998-07-01=A low level gangster in Hong Kong gains new respect after saving a boss's life in a gang fight. Despite his wife's death in this attack, he appears to be moving up in the Triad family until he discovers the other bosses are not looking out for him when he is double crossed and the gangster he previously hospitalized in the gang fight comes back for revenge.
お葬式=1984-11-17=At the beginning of the film the father-in-law of the protagonist dies unexpectedly of a heart attack. The remainder of the film is episodic, moving from one incident to another over the course of the three-day funeral, which is held (as is customary) in the home. These incidents contrast old ways and new ways, young and old, ritual ceremony and true feelings, often comically, but sometimes with real poignancy.
Trick or Treat=1986-10-24=Eddie is your average 80's metal head teen. Now he's obsessed with his heavy-metal superstar idol, Sammi Curr who is killed in a hotel fire. Eddie becomes the recipient of the only copy of Curr's unreleased album, which when played backwards brings Sammi back to life. As Halloween approaches, Eddie begins to realize that this isn't only rock 'n roll... it's life and death.
Film=1965-09-04=A twenty-minute, almost totally silent film (no dialogue or music, one 'shhh!') in which Buster Keaton attempts to evade observation by an all-seeing eye. But, as the film is based around Bishop Berkeley's principle 'esse est percipi' (to be is to be perceived), Keaton's very existence conspires against his efforts. This was Samuel Beckett's only venture into the medium of cinema.
Rat Pfink a Boo Boo=1966-09-01="It starts off seriously enough, with three thugs robbing an innocent young woman at night in the city, but then switches to Vin Saxon and Carolyn Brandt doing a goofy Elvis-like rock 'n roll number (very charming though). The next day the thugs are bored. Picking a name at random out of the phone book, they decide to terrorize Carolyn Brandt. After some campy dramatic scenes, she is kidnapped by the goons. They decide to ransom her. After receiving the ransom call, Vin Saxon and the good-natured, but not- to-bright gardener sit around despondent, wondering what to do. ""There's only one thing to do!"" exclaims Vin. The two rush off into the next room and become the costumed heroes Rat Pfink and Boo Boo..."
Fratello sole, sorella luna=1972-03-03=This is a dramatization of events in the life of St. Francis of Assisi from before his conversion experience through his audience with the pope, including his friendship with St. Clare.
The Hole=2001-04-20=Four teenagers at a British private school secretly uncover and explore the depths of a sealed underground hole created decades ago as a possible bomb shelter.
High Tech, Low Life=2012-04-19=HIGH TECH, LOW LIFE follows the journey of two of China’s first citizen reporters as they travel the country – chronicling underreported news and social issues stories. Armed with laptops, cell phones, and digital cameras they develop skills as independent one-man news stations while learning to navigate China’s evolving censorship regulations and avoiding the risk of political persecution.   The film follows 57-year-old “Tiger Temple,” who earns the title of China’s first citizen reporter after he impulsively documents an unfolding murder and 27-year-old “Zola” who recognizes the opportunity to increase his fame and future prospects by reporting on sensitive news throughout China.   
Zardoz=1974-02-06=In the far future, a savage trained only to kill finds a way into the community of bored immortals that alone preserves humanity's achievements.
Batman: Strange Days=2014-04-09=Celebrating Batman’s 75th anniversary, DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation have debuted this new animated short for the cultural icon.
Una sull'altra=1969-08-15=An insurance scam lands a man on death row for murdering his wife. What everyone doesn't know is she really isn't dead.
The Sound Barrier=1952-12-21=Fictionalized story of British aerospace engineers solving the problem of supersonic flight.
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street=1982-09-12=Times are hard in 1846 London and one must make do. Nellie Lovett adds something extra to the meat pies she peddles on Fleet Street. The secret ingredient: freshly murdered victims of her partner in crime, barber Sweeney Todd. Composer/lyricist Stephen Sondheim refashions a macabre tale into a musical masterwork in this dazzling performance of the 1979 Broadway hit originally staged by Harold Prince. In her Tony-winning role, Angela Lansbury plays Nellie. George Hearn turns his stage role of twisted Sweeney into an Emmy-winning triumph. The score coils around itself in every-tightening spirals. The lines ripple with black humor and madness. Enter Sweeney's tonsorial parlor. Attend the tale.
The Holy Land=2001-04-04=A coming-of-age saga set against the tense backdrop of Arab-Israeli politics. Mendy is a young Rabbinical student whose mind is too full of curiosity about the world that exists outside the restrictions of Orthodox Judaism. Recognizing his distraction, Mendy's teacher suggests that he visit a prostitute to get it out of his system. But on a fateful night, when he meets Sacha, a captivating Russian expatriate, who works in a Tel Aviv bordello, his appetite for outside experience only grows stronger.
Extortion=2017-01-02=A doctor desperately tries to save his wife and their 5 year old son after their vacation in the Bahamas takes an unexpected turn.
Cyberbully=2011-07-16=A woman tries to help her teenage daughter when she becomes the victim of online bullying.
The BFG=2016-06-01=The BFG is no ordinary bone-crunching giant. He is far too nice and jumbly. It's lucky for Sophie that he is. Had she been carried off in the middle of the night by the Bloodbottler, or any of the other giants—rather than the BFG—she would have soon become breakfast. When Sophie hears that the giants are flush-bunking off to England to swollomp a few nice little chiddlers, she decides she must stop them once and for all. And the BFG is going to help her!
Mon petit doigt m'a dit...=2005-04-13=The Beresfords investigate mysterious deaths at an old people's home.
Le Code a changé=2009-02-18=So called friends at a dinner party end up acting like a dysfunctional family.
Serena=2014-10-12=North Carolina mountains at the end of the 1920s – George and Serena Pemberton, love-struck newly-weds, begin to build a timber empire. Serena soon proves herself to be equal to any man: overseeing loggers, hunting rattle-snakes, even saving a man’s life in the wilderness. With power and influence now in their hands, the Pembertons refuse to let anyone stand in the way of their inflated love and ambitions. However, once Serena discovers George’s hidden past and faces an unchangeable fate of her own, the Pemberton’s passionate marriage begins to unravel leading toward a dramatic reckoning.
The End of the Line=2009-06-12=Imagine an ocean without fish. Imagine your meals without seafood. Imagine the global consequences. This is the future if we do not stop, think and act.In the film we see firsthand the effects of our global love affair with fish as food.It examines the imminent extinction of bluefin tuna, brought on by increasing western demand for sushi; the impact on marine life resulting in huge overpopulation of jellyfish; and the profound implications of a future world with no fish that would bring certain mass starvation.Filmed over two years, The End of the Line follows the investigative reporter Charles Clover as he confronts politicians and celebrity restaurateurs, who exhibit little regard for the damage they are doing to the oceans.Filmed across the world – from the Straits of Gibraltar to the coasts of Senegal and Alaska to the Tokyo fish market – featuring top scientists, indigenous fishermen and fisheries enforcement officials, The End of the Line is a wake-up call to the world.
Goliath Awaits=1981-11-11="During World War II the passenger liner ""Goliath"" is sunk by a German submarine. Portions of the ship's hull remain airtight, and some of the passengers and crew survive. Over the decades they build a rigidly regulated society completely isolated from the surface world, until in contemporary times a diving team begins to explore the wreck."
Les Misérables in Concert - The 25th Anniversary=2010-10-03=This concert, recorded to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the landmark musical Les Miserables, gathers the casts of the show's 2010 original production at the Queen's Theatre, the 1985 original production by the London company, and the 2010 production at the Barbican together for one performance. Together with talents like Michael Ball, Hadley Fraser, and John Owen-Jones, the performers present the play's musical numbers in a semi-theatrical style, fully costumed and with all the emotion of the musical's heyday.
El lado oscuro del corazón=1992-05-21=Oliveiro is a young poet living in Buenos Aires where sometimes he has to sell his ideas to an advertising agency to make a living or exchange his poems for a steak. In Montevideo, he meets a prostitute, Ana, with whom he falls in love. Back in Buenos Aires, he accepts a contract with a publicity agency to get the money for three days of love with her. Will he get what he's searching for when his ideal of love's pleasure is literally going in levitation while making love?
돌연변이=2015-09-14=Park Goo (Lee Kwang-Soo) mutates into a man-fish due to side effects from an experimental drug. He receives heavy publicity and becomes a star. A conspiracy by a pharmaceutical company leads Park Goo to being possibly expelled from the world.
Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison=1957-03-13=In 1944, in South Pacific, the castaway Marine Corporal Allison drifts in a raft to the Tuasiva Island, where he meets Sister Angela. She tells him that she is the only person in the island and was left behind by the runaway boat to Fiji Island while seeking the local priest. Stranded in the island, but with water, fish and fruits, their paradisiacal life ends when the Japanese arrive to build a base, forcing Allison and the nun to hide in a cave. The crude marine provides the necessary supply for their survival and falls in love for the nun.
Feast=2014-11-07=This Oscar-winning animated short film tells the story of one man's love life as seen through the eyes of his best friend and dog, Winston, and revealed bite by bite through the meals they share.
Love and Distrust=2010-08-16="This collection of five short films artfully portrays desire's ability to both empower and destroy those who encounter it. In ""The Summer House,"" sultry teen Jane (Talulah Riley) is courted by a former beau, Richard (Robert Pattinson), during the chaotic summer of 1969. Other tales revolve around a waitress (Amy Adams) desperate to rescue her young daughter, and a techie (James Franco) who uses gadgets to keep emotions at bay."
Después de Lucía=2012-10-03=Alejandra and her dad Roberto have just moved to town. She is new at school, he has a new job. Starting over is sometimes complicated when you have left so much behind.
My Pet Monster=1986-01-01=Synder, the historian who has spent many years trying to unlock the powers of the statue, wishes to capture Max for validation of his life's work.
10 Cent Pistol=2015-07-24=A story about two lifelong criminals who maneuver through the shady underbelly of Los Angeles in search of wealth, love and redemption.
DC Showcase: Jonah Hex=2010-07-27=When a ruthless brothel madame murders Jonah Hex's current quarry, the disfigured bounty hunter plans to make her pay.
Faith of My Fathers=2005-05-30=Faith of My Fathers is based on the story of Lieutenant Commander John McCain's experiences as a prisoner of war in North Vietnam for five and a half years during the Vietnam War, interleaved with his memories of growing up in a heritage rich with military service.
Am Tag, als der Regen kam=1959-11-24=Motorcylce driving kids in pre-war Germany commit crime at night.
Livvakterna=2001-08-10=After causing a commotion with his last assignment, Falk has been given a desk job, which hardly agrees with his personality, and he ends up accepting an offer from an old friend to buy into a private investigation agency. Another friend of Falk's, Sven, purchased a business in Estonia, and when local gangsters attempted to pressure him into paying protection money, Sven retained the services of Nikolaus Lehmann, a burly private eye, to throw them off his trail. However, Lehmann does his job all too well, murdering the racketeers, and then threatening Sven and his family. With no where else to turn, Sven asks Falk to help him deal with the crazed Lehmann; Falk agrees, but soon realizes he's dealing with a more dangerous man than he imagined when Lehmann kidnaps Falk's wife Jeanette, and then releases her with a time bomb locked around her neck, demanding that Falk hand over ownership of his detective agency to Lehmann.
Dharam Sankat Mein=2015-04-10=The film revolves around a Hindu man (Paresh Rawal) who goes through an identity crisis when he discovers he was adopted as a son in a Hindu family but was born in a Muslim family. The journey starts with finding his real father.
99 and 44/100% Dead=1974-08-29=Uncle Frank Kelly calls on Harry Crown to help him in a gang war. The war becomes personal when Harry's new girlfriend is kidnapped by Uncle Frank's enemy, Big Eddie.
僕等がいた 後篇=2012-04-21=During the 2nd year of high school in the winter season, Yano (Toma Ikuta) transferred from Kushiro to Tokyo due to a family matter. Yano and Nanami (Yuriko Yoshitaka) promised to meet again. A couple of years later, Nanami is busy finding a job, while Yano's friend Takeuchi (Sousuke Takaoka) supports her. in the beginning, Yano and Nanami kept their relationship, even with the long distance between them, but Yano suddenly stops contacting Nanami ...
降霊=2000-08-07=A psychic housewife and her husband become burdened with a kidnapped girl who escaped her assailant. Junko will not let her husband call the hospital or the police for purely selfish reasons. The girl dies while still in their house and her ghost begins to haunt the couple.
SoulBoy=2010-06-04=1974. Amidst power cuts, strikes and boot-boy aggro on the football terraces, Joe McCain is bored of a life that's going nowhere. Enter hair-dresser Jane: blonde, beautiful, and moving to the beat of a whole new world of sound, movement and all-nighter dancing at The Wigan Casino - the home of Northern Soul. Swept along on this tide of pulsating dance and lust, Joe becomes embroiled in the darker side of soul scene that will put his friendship to the test.
The Greatest Ears in Town: The Arif Mardin Story=2010-06-15=The Greatest Ears in Town is an insightful documentary and testimonial to Arif Mardin; the producer, arranger, musician and multi Grammy award winner.
When Night Is Falling=1995-05-05=A prudish woman, working on tenure as a literacy professor at a large urban university, finds herself strangely attracted to a free-spirited, liberal woman whom works at a local carnival which comes to town.
Tom of Finland=2017-01-27=Touko Laaksonen, a decorated officer, returns home after a harrowing and heroic experience serving his country in World War II, but life in Finland during peacetime proves equally distressing. He finds peace-time Helsinki rampant with persecution of the homosexual and men around him even being pressured to marry women and have children. Touko finds refuge in his liberating art, specialising in homoerotic drawings of muscular men, free on inhabitations. His work – made famous by his signature ‘Tom of Finland’ – became the emblem of a generation of men and fanned the flames of a gay revolution.
A Daughter's Nightmare=2014-05-03=A college student suspects that a nurse may harm her lonely, widowed mother.
Now, Voyager=1942-10-31=A woman suffers a nervous breakdown and an oppressive mother before being freed by the love of a man she meets on a cruise.
Chemi Bebia=1929-01-01="The protagonist, a lazy pen-pusher, gets the sack for his bureaucratic idleness, and learns that the way back into the job market depends on getting a letter of recommendation from a ""grandmother"""
Tu veux... ou tu veux pas?=2014-10-01=A romantic comedy about two Parisian therapists who are so obsessed about getting into the sack with anyone they meet, they can’t ever get it on with each other.
Shake Hands with the Devil=1959-06-24="In 1921 Dublin, the IRA battles the ""Black &amp; Tans,"" special British forces given to harsh measures. Irish-American medical student Kerry O'Shea hopes to stay aloof, but saving a wounded friend gets him outlawed, and inexorably drawn into the rebel organization...under his former professor Sean Lenihan, who has ""shaken hands with the devil"" and begun to think of fighting as an end in itself. Complications arise when Kerry falls for a beautiful English hostage, and the British offer a peace treaty that is not enough to satisfy Lenihan."
Quo vadis, baby?=2005-05-27=A private detective investigates her sister's suicide 16 years earlier.
Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter=2015-02-20=In the massive city of Tokyo, Kumiko, a twenty-nine year old, lives in utter solitude. She works a dreadful, dead-end job under an awful boss, is intimidated by her well-off peers, and nagged incessantly by her overbearing mother who is exasperated by the fact that her daughter is not married or even in a relationship. The only joys in her life come from a grainy VHS tape – an American film in which a man buries a satchel of money in the snowy Midwestern plains - and her beloved pet rabbit, Bunzo. Kumiko is somehow convinced that this treasure is real, and obsesses over its discovery.  With a hand-stitched treasure map and a quixotic spirit, Kumiko embarks on an incredible journey over the Pacific and through the frozen Minnesota wilderness to uncover a purported fortune.
Our Town=2003-05-24=Our Town is a three-act play by American playwright Thornton Wilder. It is a character story about an average town's citizens in the early twentieth century as depicted through their everyday lives. Using metatheatrical devices, Wilder sets the play in a 1930s theater. He uses the actions of the Stage Manager to create the town of Grover's Corners for the audience. Scenes from its history between the years of 1901 and 1913 play out.
バーンナップ=1991-03-21=A group of young police officers infiltrate a sleazy night club in an attempt to apprehend a man named McCoy, who is involved in kidnapping and white slavery. The plot twists when one of the officers is kidnapped!
Critters=1986-04-11=A massive ball of furry creatures from another world eat their way through a small mid-western town followed by intergalactic bounty hunters opposed only by militant townspeople.
Loving=1970-03-04=Brooks Wilson is in crisis. He is torn between his wife Selma and two daughters and his mistress Grace, and also between his career as a successful illustrator and his feeling that he might still produce something worthwhile.
Greater=2016-08-26=Greater – The story of Brandon Burlsworth, possibly the greatest walk-on in the history of college football.
RED=2010-10-13=When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-tech assassin, former black-ops agent, Frank Moses reassembles his old team in a last ditch effort to survive and uncover his assailants.
Die Farbe des Ozeans=2012-03-22=After years working as a border patrolman, José has developed a salty crust of cynicism about his work, which places him in a position to decide the fates of many. José's weary attitude is put to the test when he encounters Nathalie, a German tourist assisting a boatload of refugees she discovered landing on the Canary shores. One of those people, a Congolese man named Zola, is placed in an internment camp. Much to the objections of her husband Paul, Nathalie tries to help him escape. Yet Zola and his son Mamadou eventually find themselves in yet another precarious situation, in which they are dependent on nefarious smugglers.
Windtalkers=2002-06-14="Joe Enders is a gung-ho Marine assigned to protect a ""windtalker"" - one of several Navajo Indians who were used to relay messages during World War II because their spoken language was indecipherable to Japanese code breakers."
Timescape=1992-05-09=Before they can complete renovations on their new inn, Widower (Ben Wilson) and daughter (Hillary) are visited by a woman seeking immediate lodging for her strange group of travellers. Why they won't stay at the hotel in town is just the first of many mysteries surrounding the group that lead Wilson to a startling discovery affecting his family and neighbours.
One Nation Under God=1993-05-26=Focusing on the contemporary religious Right Wing proliferation of curative therapies for homosexuality, this riveting documentary offers historical context as well as a political analysis of this frighteningly large movement.
Horse Feathers=1932-08-19=Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Huxley U, hires bumblers Baravelli and Pinky to help his school win the big football game against rival Darwin U.
Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid=1982-05-21="Juliet Forrest is convinced that the reported death of her father in a mountain car crash was no accident. Her father was a prominent cheese scientist working on a secret recipe. To prove it was murder, she enlists the services of private eye Rigby Reardon. He finds a slip of paper containing a list of people who are ""The Friends and Enemies of Carlotta."""
The Smashing Pumpkins: Vieuphoria=1994-10-04="Vieuphoria is a long form music video by The Smashing Pumpkins originally released on VHS on October 4, 1994 and DVD on November 26, 2002. It was certified Gold by the RIAA in late 1996. The video consists of various Smashing Pumpkins performances, mostly from the Siamese Dream tour, interspersed with comedy bits (including ""Meet the Frogs""), interviews, featurettes, and other short videos."
Proverka na Dorogakh=1971-11-06=A Russian POW joins the partisan guerrillas and proves his loyalty fighting the Nazis.
Snow=2004-12-13=Set in San Ernesto, California with only three days before Christmas, Nick Snowden needs to rescue a young reindeer from a zoo.
Cruel Will=2013-12-30=Tragedy strikes married couple Paul and Lily, when Lily's father dies. Lily has her father cremated, brings the urn home and now Paul has to come to terms with the death of his father-in-law whom he had despised. The situation gets a bit frayed when the lid to the urn mysteriously disappears, and Paul begins to experience happenings no one else is aware of.
桃姐=2011-09-04=The relationship between a middle-aged man (Andy Lau) and the elderly woman (Deanie Ip), who has been the family's helper for sixty years.
Aashiq=2001-01-01=Pooja and Chander Kapoor have a heart-to-heart conversation on the telephone. When they finally meet and all is reveal they both fell in love with each other; Chander lives with his advocate dad Dilip Dev Kapoor while Pooja lives a wealthy but stressful family life with her alcoholic dad, her Dai Maa and a self-senile mother. Unfortunately for them Pooja's parents would like her to marry a person of their choice; this pits Chander against them. Then one day Pooja goes missing and the police headed by a rowdy inspector Mathur arrests Chander for abducting her much to his shock. Then Chander escapes from police custody and begins a man-hunt for Pooja.
Die Reise ins Glück=2004-04-16=The film deals loosely with the adventures of the grizzled Gustav who captains a ship – a giant floating ‘snailboat’ – with a crew of talking animals and lumbering sailors in blackface. It unspools like a perverse children’s story book, all at once cuddly cute, grotesquely obscene and beyond absurd as normal narrative logic shatters, giving way to an episodic, free-associative structure that one critic likened to “cinematic memory association.” (joergbuttgereit.com)
Notting Hill=1999-05-13=The British comedy from director Roger Michell tells the love story between a famous actress and a simple book seller from London. A look into the attempt for famous people to have a personal and private life and the ramifications that follow. Nominated for three Golden Globes in 2000.
Schwechater=1958-12-31=In 1957, Peter Kubelka was hired to make a short commercial for Schwechater beer. The beer company undoubtedly thought they were commissioning a film that would help them sell their beers; Kubelka had other ideas. He shot his film with a camera that did not even have a viewer, simply pointing it in the general direction of the action. He then took many months to edit his footage, while the company fumed and demanded a finished product. Finally he submitted a film, 90 seconds long, that featured extremely rapid cutting (cutting at the limits of most viewers' perception) between images washed out almost to the point of abstraction — in black-and-white positive and negative and with red tint — of dimly visible people drinking beer and of the froth of beer seen in a fully abstract pattern.
Le chaudron infernal=1903-10-17=The Infernal Boiling Pot is a 1903 silent French fantasy film directed by Georges Méliès. The film shows a green-skinned demon who places a woman and then two courtiers into a burning cauldron.
The Manchu Eagle Murder Caper Mystery=1975-03-07=Film noir parody with a private eye trying to solve the murder of his milkman.
Small Gods=2007-09-01=After her son gets killed in a car crash, Elena loses all lust for life. Recovering from the crash in a hospital a stranger, David, kidnaps her and takes her for a mysterious journey in an old camper.
Zhong hua ying xiong=1986-02-16=Jet, a young soldier at the end of the second world war must overcome some abusive Americans who are bullying him as well as the Chinese people.
Coonskin=1975-08-20=A multi-layered satire of race relations in America. Live-action sequences of a prison break bracket the animated story of Brother Rabbit, Brother Bear, and Preacher Fox, who rise to the top of the crime ranks in Harlem by going up against a con-man, a racist cop, and the Mafia.
Adam & Steve=2006-03-31=Follows two New York city couples -- one heterosexual and one gay who explore the peaks and the valleys of their respective relationships.
Killer Instinct=1988-01-01=For America, the Vietnam War is over. Johnny doesn't see it that way. This Special Forces soldier battles vicious Vietcong, a sadistic Russian advisor and his own peacenik girlfriend as he embarks on a deadly mission behind enemy lines.
Une rencontre=2014-04-23=A family man's encounter with a beautiful woman develops into a mutual fascination.
Small Potatoes: Who Killed the USFL?=2009-10-20=In 1983 the upstart United States Football League (USFL) had the audacity to challenge the almighty NFL. The new league did the unthinkable by playing in the spring and plucked three straight Heisman Trophy winners away from the NFL. The 12-team USFL played before crowds that averaged 25,000, and started off with respectable TV ratings. But with success came expansion and new owners, including a certain high profile and impatient real estate baron whose vision was at odds with the league’s founders. Soon, the USFL was reduced to waging a desperate anti-trust lawsuit against the NFL, which yielded an ironic verdict that effectively forced the league out of business. Now, almost a quarter of a century later, Academy Award-nominated and Peabody Award-winning director Mike Tollin, himself once a chronicler of the league, will showcase the remarkable influence of those three years on football history and attempt to answer the question, “Who Killed the USFL?”
Yhdeksän tapaa lähestyä Helsinkiä=1982-12-03=Nine Ways to Approach Helsinki, shot by Pirjo Honkasalo and Eero Salmenhaara, is a documentary on the capital of Finland.
First Blood=1982-10-22=When former Green Beret John Rambo is harassed by local law enforcement and arrested for vagrancy, the Vietnam vet snaps, runs for the hills and rat-a-tat-tats his way into the action-movie hall of fame. Hounded by a relentless sheriff, Rambo employs heavy-handed guerilla tactics to shake the cops off his tail.
The Gate II: Trespassers=1990-05-24=It's been five years since Terry's friend Glen discovered The Gate to hell in his backyard. Glen has now moved away and Terry begins practicing rituals in Glen's old house and eventually bringing back demons through The Gate and leading to demoniac possession and near world domination.
Accident=1967-02-05=Stephen is a professor at Oxford University who is caught in a rut and feels trapped by his life in both academia and marriage. One of his students, William, is engaged to the beautiful Anna, and Stephen becomes enamored of the younger woman. These three people become linked together by a horrible car crash, with flashbacks providing details into the lives of each person and their connection to the others in this brooding English drama.
Joueuse=2009-08-05=In a small Corsican village, the life of Hélène, ordinary and single, She works as a maid in a hotel and is married happily with her Husband Ange and her fifteen year-old daughter. Her modest and monotonous life seems to be predetermined... One day while cleaning a hotel room, she meets a young, seductive, American couple which is playing a game of chess. First fascinated and then passionate about the game, Hélène learns with great tenacity she studies the rule of the game to perfection. She can count on Dr. Kröger, who is a mysterious inhabitant, to help her to achieve her goals. But this positive transition towards a liberty for Hélène does not go about without deeply changing her relationship with family, friends and inhabitants of the village.
Terror from the Year 5000=1958-01-01="Prof. Erling and his financial backer Victor build a prototype time machine to snatch objects from the past. Latest find, a statuette, radiometrically dates to 5200 AD! When this draws colleague Richard Hedges to the island lab, Erling reveals that 20th-century objects put in the machine seem to be ""traded"" for analogous future objects by intelligent life. And on the sly, Victor's been trying to get a living visitor. Does the future need help, or is the present in danger?"
Borsalino=1970-05-19=In 1930 Marseilles two small-time crooks join forces when they meet brawling over a woman. Starting with fixed horse races and fights, they start to find themselves doing jobs for the local gangster bosses. When they decide to go into the business for themselves, their easy-going approach to crime starts to change.
Force of Execution=2013-12-31="Seagal stars as mob kingpin Mr. Alexander, an old-school boss who rules his criminal empire with both nobility and brutality. For a simple prison hit, he sends his best enforcer and protégé Roman Hurst (Foster). When the hit goes wrong, Hurst is forced to pay the price of his failure: banishment in the city that he almost once ruled. But a war is brewing for the soul of the city between Alexander, a cold-blooded gangster known as 'The Iceman"" (Rhames) and a merciless Mexican cartel. Hurst, with the help of an ex-con restaurant owner (Trejo) who has a few hidden moves of his own, will rediscover his own will to survive the coming conflict and to wreak vengeance on those who have wronged him."
Sólo quiero caminar=2008-10-31=Frantic to be free of Felix, her wealthy but drunken and violent drug-lord husband, Ana (Elena Anaya) tricks her fresh-from-prison sister, Aurora (Ariadna Gil), and two other ex-partners in crime into coming to her aid. Now that their crew is reassembled, the women begin planning a heist that will rid Ana of Felix and net them enough cash to be set for life.
Pump!=2014-09-19=A documentary about the history of American dependence on oil.
Panorama of Eiffel Tower=1900-01-01=“Showing the entire height of this wonderful structure from the base of the dome and return, with the great Paris Exposition in the background, looking down Champs de Mars. A most realistic picture.” According to Edison film historian Charles Musser, this film features the first camera tilt among the company's surviving oeuvre.
Warnung vor einer heiligen Nutte=1971-08-28=Tensions between members of a film crew build while they wait for the arrival of the director and star to arrive on location.
Adjust Your Tracking: The Untold Story of the VHS Collector=2013-04-05=A documentary capturing the modern day VHS culture and VHS collectors.
TNT Jackson=1974-06-08=A woman encounters thugs and drug dealers after traveling to Hong Kong to search for her missing brother.
A Christmas Story=1983-11-18=The comic mishaps and adventures of a young boy named Ralph, trying to convince his parents, teachers, and Santa that a Red Ryder B.B. gun really is the perfect Christmas gift for the 1940s.
Rick=2003-01-01="""Rigoletto"" retold at Christmas time in Manhattan's corporate world. Rick, an executive at Image, is a jerk to a woman applying for a job. That evening, he's out for drinks with his much younger boss, Duke, and the same women is their waitress. Rick's continued rudeness leads to her getting fired. She puts a curse on him. A potential rift with Duke quickly surfaces; Rick is approached by the hail-"
Pat and Mike=1952-06-13=Pat Pemberton (Hepburn) is a brilliant athlete, except when her domineering fiancé is around. The ladies golf championship is in her reach until she gets flustered by his presence at the final holes. He wants them to get married and forget the whole thing, but she cannot give up on herself that easily. She enlists the help of Mike Conovan (Tracy), a slightly shady sports promoter. Together they face mobsters, a jealous boxer (Aldo Ray), and a growing mutual attraction.
Off the Charts: The Song-Poem Story=2003-11-13="Like a warped fun-house mirror, the song-poem industry has run parallel to the mainstream music business for close to a century; it's estimated that over 200,000 song-poems have been recorded since 1900. The genre's durability can be traced to three of our deepest American desires - to be in show business, to get rich quick, and to share and express our deepest feelings. We meet several of the ""songwriters"" - from an elderly woman to a young African-American man to a small-town Iowan with big-time dreams - each of whom has been in the ""business"" for awhile, churning out odd compositions that cover the waterfront of American obsessions, from Jesus to genitalia, from politics to Elvis. We also meet the producers (often known as song-sharks) who hold out the tantalizing promise of fame to their eager customers, and the has-been musicians who sit in studios, day after day and year after year..."
Comedy Central Roast of Joan Rivers=2009-08-09="It's the ""Queen of Mean"", Joan Rivers turn to step in to the celebrity hot seat for the latest installment of The Comedy Central Roast."
Patrick's Day=2014-03-08=A young man with mental health issues becomes intimate with a suicidal air hostess but his obsessive mother enlists a dysfunctional cop to separate them.
Wrong Is Right=1982-04-16=Political double-talk, dirty tricks, hidden microphones, spy satellites, bugging the Oval Office and a nuclear bomb for sale are all ingredients in this swift, funny and frightening look at the possibilities in today's political arenas. Sean Connery stars as TV Newsman Patrick Hal on an international chase to track two suitcase sized nuclear weapons and to uncover the twisting maze of apparent involvement of US Government agencies.
He ni zai yi qi=2002-09-10="When a violin prodigy Xiaochun and his father head to Beijing seeking fame and fortune, they soon discover a fierce world of cutthroat ambition. But when Xiaochun is ""adopted"" by a famous music tutor, success finally seems within reach - until a shocking discovery begins to unravel his entire world, and the boy must make the most difficult choice of his life. Can he achieve the fame his father had always hoped for without losing the extraordinary passion that sets him apart?"
The Mission=1986-09-29=Jeremy Irons plays a Spanish Jesuit who goes into the South American wilderness to build a mission in the hope of converting the Indians of the region. Robert DeNiro plays a slave hunter who is converted and joins Irons in his mission. When Spain sells the colony to Portugal, they are forced to defend all they have built against the Portugese aggressors.
Histoire d'O, chapitre 2=1984-08-06=James Pembroke, a powerful industrialist, has become a nuisance to his rivals. That is the reason why they have decided to neutralize him. To this end they call on O, who has turned from victim to dominatrix. Her mission is to compromise not only James in person but his whole family as well. And to tell the truth, O does not find much resistance on her way...
Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison=2008-10-18=Out of Darkness, Comes Light
Methadonia=2005-10-06=Shot over the course of 18 months in New York City's Lower East Side, METHADONIA sheds light on the inherent flaws of legal methadone treatments for heroin addiction by profiling eight addicts, in various stages of recovery and relapse, who attend the New York Center for Addiction Treatment Services (NYCATS).
Kandidaten=2008-08-29=Jonas Bechmann, a defense attorney, is a man of the system. Until the day he himself is accused of murder. Taking matters into his own hands, he throws himself into the hunt for a group of blackmailers who threaten to expose him as the killer. But nothing is what it appears to be, and the blackmail links back to his father's death under mysterious circumstances a year and a half earlier.
Taxi to the Dark Side=2007-04-30=An in-depth look at the torture practices of the United States in Afghanistan, Iraq and Guantanamo Bay, focusing on an innocent taxi driver in Afghanistan who was tortured and killed in 2002
Mortified Nation=2013-11-05=Adults share their most embarrassing teenage writings and art in front of total strangers at Mortified stage shows across the country, as the filmmakers explore what the show's popularity says about all of us.
Convict's Code=1939-01-18=On parole after three years in prison, a football player (Robert Kent) encounters the man (Sidney Blackmer) who framed him.
トイレット=2010-08-28=Ray is a 30 something engineer obsessed with Gundam toys. He has a motto not to become close to anyone. During his mother's funeral he showed no emotions. His life is further turned upside when he is forced to live with his older brother Maury and younger sister Lisa. Older brother Maury was a pianist but is now a recluse. Younger sister Lisa is a college student who tends to look down on those around her. Also in there home is their Japanese grandmother who doesn't speak English at all.
8x10 Tasveer=2009-04-03=8X10 Tasveer is a story about young man named Jai Puri, (Akshay Kumar), who possesses supernatural powers. Jai is of Indian origin who works as a forest ranger in Canada. His life is shattered by a loss of a very important person in his life. This personal tragedy leads him to use his unique supernatural power to unravel the mystery behind the murder.
Sherlock, Jr.=1924-04-21=A film projectionist longs to be a detective, and puts his meagre skills to work when he is framed by a rival for stealing his girlfriend's father's pocketwatch.
Tuntematon sotilas=1985-12-06="Second silver screen adaption of the Finnish war book by Väinö Linna. The story is based on Linna's experiences as an infantry man in the Finnish army during the so called ""Continuation War"" (1941-1944)."
Total Eclipse=1995-11-02=Young, wild poet Arthur Rimbaud and his mentor Paul Verlaine engage in a fierce, forbidden romance while feeling the effects of a hellish artistic lifestyle.
Galerions Rion=2004-04-06=A boy awakes, imprisoned in a hospital without a name or memory. He is immediately attacked and discovers to his surprise that he has incredible telekinetic powers. A girl, her psychic voice calling for help inside his head, sends him on a adventure to save her: And by saving her, he will save all humanity.
Blackout=2008-12-26=Recovering from a nail gun shot to the head and 13 months of coma, doctor Pekka Valinta starts to unravel the mystery of his past, still suffering from total amnesia.
Turistas=2006-12-01=A group of young backpackers' vacation turns sour when a bus accident leaves them marooned in a remote Brazilian rural area that holds an ominous secret.
The One That Got Away=1957-11-22=Based on the true story of Oberleutnant Franz von Werra, the only german prisoner of war captured in Britain to escape back to Germany during the Second World War.
Un singe en hiver=1962-05-11=The story of a man who has stopped drinking- and then dreaming- and who thanks to a young man who tries to forget a lost love in alcohol will turn drunk again during an exciting night.
Brain Damage=1988-04-15=A normal, average guy who lives in New York City becomes dependent on an evil, disembodied brain.
Due marines e un generale=1966-04-20=In May 1943, two American soldiers, Joe and Frank, of Italian descent are searching the North African desert for a German general called Von Kassler, when they are captured by Von Kassler aide Inge Schultze who lets them escape with fake war plans, only Joe and Frank steal the real war plans which pave way for the Allied victory. Months later, the duo once again come up against Von Kassler when they are captured at Anzio and try to outwit the Nazis a second time.
Ascenseur pour l'échafaud=1958-01-29=The feature-film debut of famed director Louis Malle is an interesting, modern film noir with the classic theme of lovers plotting to kill the husband and make it look like suicide (reminiscent of The Postman Always Rings Twice). Jeanne Moreau gives an astonishing performance, perverse but naive as she leads her young lover down a path that can only lead to doom for both of them.
The Architect=2006-12-01=An architect engages in conflict with an activist who lives in a dangerous complex the architect designed.
Snow days=1999-01-01= 
La Vie au ranch=2010-10-13=Pam is twenty. She and her girlfriends hang out together on the couch at The Ranch, the apartment she shares with Manon. Sitting around chatting, drinking, smoking, and dancing are part of life at their age, but there comes a time when you need to cut loose from the group and go your own way...
The Harry Hill Movie=2013-12-20=The comedy film sees TV Burp star Hill embark on a road trip to Blackpool with his Nan (Julie Walters) when he discovers that his hamster only has one week to live.
Love Don't Cost a Thing=2003-12-12=High school loser (Cannon) pays a cheerleader (Milian) to pose as his girlfriend so he can be considered cool. Remake of 1987's Can't Buy Me Love, starring Patrick Dempsey.
Na kometě=1970-10-09=When a comet passes the Earth very closely, it pulls a small part of North Africa, and a small swathe of humanity, along with it.
Love Nest=1951-10-10=Jim and Connie's postwar New York building troubles keep Jim from working on his novel. Ex-WAC from Jim's army days Roberta moves in, further upsetting Connie but pleasing Jim's friend Ed. Tenant Charley, who marries tenant Eadie, loans money to Jim to help him keep the building, money which this Casanova obtains from rich widows.
Rocky V=1990-10-18=A lifetime of taking shots has ended Rocky's career, and a crooked accountant has left him broke. Inspired by the memory of his trainer, however, Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer.
Lomax the Songhunter=2004-01-01=Alan Lomax (1915-2002) was a song collector who recorded ordinary people, who gave their heart and soul in front of his microphone.  The film maker decides to search for people Lomax recorded, travelling through Europe in an old Volkswagen. His journey leads him past desolate Scottish islands, through the withered interior of Spain and to isolated Italian mountain villages. The search is combined with conversations with colleagues and friends of Lomax. Throughout the movie, every now and then we return to a frail but happy 86-year old Lomax. In this passionate and musical roadmovie we slowly discover why folk music can be so pretty and what could have once possessed the legendary Alan Lomax.
Fried Green Tomatoes=1991-12-27=Amidst her own personality crisis, southern housewife Evelyn Couch meets Ninny, an outgoing old woman who tells her the story of Idgie Threadgoode and Ruth Jamison, two young women who experienced hardships and love in Whistle Stop, Alabama in the 1920s.
赤道=2015-04-30="Wanted criminal ""Helios"" and his assistant stole a quantity of uranium and plan to produce weapons of mass destruction. They are planning to trade with a terrorist organization in Hong Kong. Chief Inspector Lee Yinming and Inspector Fan Kaming lead the Counter Terrorism Response Unit of the Hong Kong Police Force. Along with a Chinese senior official, a physics professor, and two South Korean weapon experts, they hope to defuse a crisis sufficient to destroy the world."
Odds Against Tomorrow=1959-10-15=An old-time crook plans a heist. When one of his two partners is found out to be a black man tensions flare.
Fresh Hare=1942-08-21="Bugs Bunny is wanted ""dead or alive"" by the Mounted Police, led by Elmer Fudd. The ""Fresh Hare"" episode was banned from television for almost 30 years because it was considered too racey for the time."
Kids in the Hall: Brain Candy=1996-04-02=A pharmaceutical scientist creates a pill that makes people remember their happiest memory, and although it's successful, it has unfortunate side effects.
Sightseers=2012-11-30=Chris wants to show girlfriend Tina his world, but events soon conspire against the couple and their dream caravan holiday takes a very wrong turn.
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine=1936-03-13=A well-established tale of a long-running feud between two mountain clans. The features of this production were the new three-strip Technicolor process showing the outdoor Californian settings and an energetic young cast. It is said that Li'l Abner was based on Henry Fonda's performance.
Grassroots=2012-06-22=Grant Cogswell, a liberal music critic decides to run for city council against a popular black incumbent and is assisted by a reporter who recently lost his job. Initially given no chance, things turn dark when Cogswell makes it into the general election. Based on a true story.
The Adventures of Hajji Baba=1954-10-01=In Ispahan, Persia, Hajji Baba is leaving his father's shop to seek a greater fortune, while the Princess Fawzia is trying to talk her father, the Caliph into giving her in marriage to Nur-El-Din, a rival prince known far and wide as mean and fickle. Her father intends Fawzia for Fawzia to marry a friend and ally, and makes plans to send her to him.
I violenti di Roma bene=1979-03-03=A gang of young and ruthless bikers terrorizes the streets of Rome for no other reason than kicks and to kill their copious amounts of spare time. They purposelessly gang-rape random girls, beat up pedestrians, deal hard drugs, organize illegal street races, menace witnesses, murder city employees and commit violent heists even though they don't need any money as they're all the offspring of rich &amp; eminent citizens. The tough police inspector De Gregori rapidly becomes very frustrated because each time he arrests the arrogant gang leader Stefano, his daddy's attorneys arrange a release warrant the exact same day. But when the gang's aggressions gradually become viler and De Gregori's own wife becomes the target of an assault, he decides to enforce the law slightly more drastic.
Liebe mich!=2014-10-22=Sarah is loud, non-conform, rude, honest and provocative. She seems invincible, but she is lonely and lost. Struggling with her daily life.
Kedma=2002-05-05=In May 1948, shortly before the creation of the State of Israel, hundreds of immigrants from across Europe arrive in Palestine--only to risk arrest by British troops.
Just Married=2003-01-09=Tom Leezak and Sarah McNerney fall in love and plan to get married, despite opposition from Sarah's uptight, rich family. When they do get married, and get a chance to prove Sarah's family wrong, they go on a European honeymoon and run into disaster after disaster. They have to decide whether the honeymoon from hell and a few pre-marital mistakes are worth throwing away their love and marriage.
Als Je Begrijpt Wat Ik Bedoel=1983-02-03=Bumble the Bear (Olivier Bommel) finds an egg that, it turns out, has a cute little dragon in it. However, this dinosaur grows huge every time it is upset. As this causes a lot of problems, Ollie Bommel has to face a difficult dilemma.
I Declare War=2013-05-10=Summer war games between the neighborhood kids turns deadly serious when jealousy and betrayal enter the mix, in this alternately hilarious and horrifying black comedy that mixes equal parts Lord of the Flies and Roald Dahl.
ஈரம்=2009-09-11=Earam is a full of love and thrill.Aadhi is playing the role of Assistant Commissioner of Police. The romance between him and Sindhu Menon happens in the temple premises. Nandha plays an engineer who romances with Charanya Mohan. All the crime and chasing happens and heightens between the four young people.
Paradise, Hawaiian Style=1966-06-15=Blacklisted by the major airlines for endlessly chasing female staff, pilot Rick Richards returns to Hawaii to set up a helicopter charter company with his friend Danny. Having a girl on every island is a good way to get business but it becomes clear that romance and flying don't always mix.
Der Golem, wie er in die Welt kam=1920-10-28=In the 16th century, the Jews of Prague face persecution. Rabbi Loew creates a giant golem out of clay, to protect the people. This film should not be confused with  director Paul Wegener's  with Henrik Galeen 1915 mostly lost film The Golem (Der Golem) which was his  first film to explore the myth.
Kulman pojat=2012-02-24=A buddy comedy about a fanatic small town football supporter who falls in love with a perfect girl, only to notice that his dream-girl supports the wrong football team. Now he has to befriend the enemy or forget the girl he loves.
Back to the Beach=1987-08-07=Cowabunga! The surfing '60s ride into the new wave as Frankie and Annette star in this hip update of their old-time, good-time beach movies. With special appearances by Bob Denver, Tony Dow, Pee-Wee Herman, Jerry Mathers and other familiar faces. Frankie and Annette grow up and have kids in the midwest. They return to LA to visit their daughter who is shacked up with her boyfriend and tries to hide the fact. They begin to have marriage problems when Frankie runs into Connie, who has erected a shrine to him in her night club. Their punk son has joined up with the local surf toughs, and things all come to a head when the toughs challenge the good guys to a surfing duel
Rampage=2009-08-14=The boredom of small town life is eating Bill Williamson alive. Feeling constrained and claustrophobic in the meaningless drudgery of everyday life and helpless against overwhelming global dissolution, Bill begins a descent into madness. His shockingly violent plan will shake the very foundations of society by painting the streets red with blood.
Banlieue 13=2004-11-09=Set in the ghettos of Paris in 2010, an undercover cop and ex-thug try to infiltrate a gang in order to defuse a neutron bomb.
Wings in the Dark=1935-02-01="In his dedicated pursuit of technology that will aid pilots to safely ""fly blind"" during adverse conditions. aerial innovator Ken Gordon is literally blinded in an accident, but this setback doesn't deter him from his goal."
Deceiver=1997-08-31=The gruesome death of a prostitute brings suspicion on one of her clients, James Wayland, a brilliant, self-destructive and epileptic heir to a textile fortune. So detectives Braxton and Kennesaw take Wayland in for questioning, thinking they can break the man. But despite his troubles, Wayland is a master of manipulation, and during the interrogation, he begins to turn the tables on the investigators, forcing them to reveal their own sinister sides.
South Of Pico=2007-10-25="""South of Pico"" is an emotionally charged drama in which four strangers witness an unimaginable tragedy and are catapulted into the defining moment of their lives. Set in present day Los Angeles, a chauffeur, a waitress, a doctor and a young boy each deal with life's daily challenges, only to find themselves at the scene of an accident the moment it happens."
極道戦国志 不動=1996-10-12=In order to settle a business dispute, a mob leader murders one of his own teenage sons. The surviving son vows to avenge his brother's death, and organizes his own gang of teenage killers to destroy his father's organization.
Down and Out in Beverly Hills=1986-01-31=Beverly Hills couple Barbara and Dave Whiteman are very rich but not happy Dave is a hard working business man, his wife is only interested in yoga, aerobics and other meditation classes, and he sleeps with the house maid. Their teenage son is confused about his sexuality and their daughter is suffering from eating disorders. While they are celebrating thanksgiving having plenty of food, street tramp Jerry is hungry, homeless, sleeping rough and has lost his dog. Jerry decides to end his life by drowning himself in their swimming pool. Dave rescues him and invites him to stay for a while. How does this stranger change the life style of this family?
Snowpiercer=2013-08-01=In a future where a failed global-warming experiment kills off most life on the planet, a class system evolves aboard the Snowpiercer, a train that travels around the globe via a perpetual-motion engine.
Delitto al ristorante cinese=1981-11-19=The officer Nico Giraldi investigates a homicide which has taken place in a Chinese restaurant in Rome. His wife and his son are kidnappeded by the murderer in the course of the inquiry. In the end the case is worked out.
Down to Earth=2001-02-16=After dying before his time, an aspiring comic gets a second shot at life... by being reincarnated as a wealthy but un-likable businessman.
The Formula=1980-01-01=A detective uncovers a formula that was devised by the Nazis in WW II to make gasoline from synthetic products, thereby eliminating the necessity for oil--and oil companies. A major oil company finds out about it and tries to destroy the formula and anyone who knows about it.
Ambush at Cimarron Pass=1958-03-01=A small Army patrol unit and a couple of former Confederates reluctantly throw in their lot together after being attacked by a band of Native Americans.
Les Bessons Del Carrer de Potent=2010-02-10=Enriqueta and Ramoneta run a business out of their house selling something too taboo to be available in any grocery store.
Fobos. Klub Strakha=2010-03-25=Rainy summer evening... Young people are arriving at the new trendy club named Phobos which is still under construction. Or re-construction - since it's a former bomb shelter which is reconstructed to become a club. At first, the party sees nothing wrong, but soon the bunker doors turn out to be locked, and the teenagers get trapped underground without light and communication. At first, all of them are joking and do not realize how dangerous their situation is. Then they get frightened. All of them will need to cope with their fears before the bunker will let them free.
Le révélateur=1968-01-01="A 4-year-old child is the element from and around which the action develops, and brings sentiments and emotions to light. (The French word ""révélateur""/developer describes the product to develop or ""reveal"" film negatives.)"
Jack=2013-03-10=NDP Leader Jack Layton was fluently bilingual, glib, sometimes flashy, full of energy and always media-friendly. He loved to entertain and uplift his co-workers with a strum on his guitar and spirit in his voice (which wasn't particularly good but he sang with gusto). Growing up in a political family, Layton was a left-wing Toronto city councillor for 17 years and spent a year as head of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities. He became leader of the federal New Democratic Party in 2003... The NDP became the Official Opposition for the first time in history. Going into the 2011 federal election... Written by (STAFF)
Sleeping Beauty=2011-06-10=A haunting erotic fairytale about Lucy, a young University student drawn into a mysterious hidden world of beauty and desire.
Je ne suis pas un salaud=2016-02-24=Eddie is suffering from no longer living with Karine and their son Noam. One night walking home drunk, he gets mugged and badly injured. Suddenly, Eddie becomes a hero to his son and the victim of a vicious crime to his wife. He is asked to move back home, and is offered a new job.  But when Ahmed, the perfect scapegoat for the attack, is charged, the gravitas of his accusation sucks Eddie into an infernal spiral of self-doubt and lies, marking the start of a dangerous freefall.
Skeletons=2010-07-16="In writer-director Nick Whitfield's black indie comedy, a pair of ""exorcists"" (Ed Gaughan and Andrew Buckley) with the power to rid people of their secrets agree to help a woman (Paprika Steen) whose daughter (Tuppence Middleton) is mute -- and whose husband is missing. Jason Isaacs co-stars as the mysterious Colonel, who seems to be calling the shots from the sidelines of the duo's shadowy enterprise."
Green Legend Ran=1992-01-01=The mysterious Rodo fell to earth ages ago, stealing away the air, water and life from the planet. It's up to Ran, a daring young man, and Aira, a silver-haired girl with a mysterious connection to the Rodo, to save the planet.
Chasing Christmas=2005-12-04=Jack Cameron is a single dad that decides not to observe Christmas because his wife left him around that time. The ghosts of Christmas past and present try and get Jack to relent, but they screw up their jobs and send themselves on a wild ride through time showing up at various times in Jack's past. As they try and rectify the timeline and get back to the real present, some things are not what they used to be.
Apocalyptic=2013-11-22=A local news crew become horribly involved with a doomsday cult.
Free Range/Ballaad Maailma Heakskiitmisest=2013-09-19=The story of a promising young man with exciting career opportunities and a looming marital bliss.
Q & A=1990-04-27=A young district attorney seeking to prove a case against a corrupt police detective encounters a former lover and her new protector, a crime boss who refuse to help him.
たまもの=2004-11-20=The film tells the story of Aiko, a 35-year-old mute woman who works in a bowling alley, and her brief romance with Yoshioka, a younger man who works as a postal carrier. The two meet when Aiko accidentally knocks Yoshioka off his bicycle, and they have a sexual encounter soon after. Aiko begins preparing lunchboxes and giving them to Yoshioka at his workplace as a way of expressing affection, which she cannot do verbally.
Neprijatelj=2011-03-22=The Enemy (Serbian: Neprijatelj) is the Serbian film. The film was made in co-production of Serbia and the Serbian Republic, the minority co-producer from Croatia and Hungary. It was shot on location on Mount Kozara and in Belgrade. Year 1995, 7 day after the Dayton Peace Agreement. Engineer units cleared the border between the Serbian Republic and the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Each soldier carries his own trauma of war experience, and each one is faced with fears in their own way. Someones tend to self-destruction, others are happy to be alive...
Sealed Cargo=1951-05-19="A Newfoundland fishingboat comes to the aid of a wrecked Danish sailing ship and tows it to a small village, but eventually the captain of the fishingboat realises that it's a U-boat supply ship in disguise, loaded with torpedoes. So, together with his crew and a group of villagers he sets about a plan to blow the ship as well as any U-boats that approach it. Based on the novel ""The Gaunt Woman"" by Edmund Gilligan."
Rocco e i suoi fratelli=1960-10-06=The widow Rosaria moves to Milano from Lucania with her 4 sons, one of whom is Rocco. The fifth son, Vincenzo, already lives in Milano. In the beginning, the family has a lot of problems, but everyone manages to find something to do. Simone is boxing, Rocco works in a dry cleaners, and Ciro studies. Simone meets Nadia, a prostitute, and they have a stormy affair. Then Rocco, after finishing his military service, begins a relationship with her. A bitter feud ensues between the two brothers, which will lead as far as murder...
Family Possessions=2016-10-21=After moving into the home of a deceased relative, a family discovers they may have inherited more than just the house.
Get Smart's Bruce and Lloyd Out of Control=2008-07-01=Bumbling R&D inventors Bruce and Lloyd get out of the lab and into the field as they search to locate their latest invention - which has somehow gone missing. When you're used to spending your day inventing the most cutting edge spy equipment known to man, adapting the stealth and guile needed to become a true secret agent doesn't come naturally. Unfortunately the invisibility cloak that the pair recently collaborated on has disappeared, and in order to ensure that it doesn't fall into the hands of KAOS they will have to master the skills of a true spy. But how exactly does one find an object that's invisible to begin with? As the search gets underway, these brainy inventors are given an eye-opening crash course in high-level espionage.
Nati con la camicia=1983-01-01=Mason is driving a truck when he takes on his lorry Rosco a hitchhiker. Traffic police stop them for a control but they are confused for two robbers. They manage to escape in a very strange way from this situation, but just to fall in a worse one. They run to the airport trying to take the first flight available. The couple not only succeeds to have a free flight to Miami but someone give them a bag full of million dollars. Later Rosco and Mason will understand that this time they were confused for two secret agents but it is too late, now they are too deeply involved in the situation. Obviously a funny situation.
Gingerdead Man vs. Evil Bong=2013-10-29=The Gingerdead Man seeks revenge against Sarah Leigh for causing him to live his life in the body of a gingerbread man. Her only hope is to team up with Larnell who has problems of his own in the form of a magical talking bong named Eebee.
天台=2013-07-19=Taiwanese pop sensation Jay Chou, drawing on his years as an actor, director, and recording star, creates a fantasy playground of music, moves, and magic as a backdrop to an action comedy which pays homage to the wondrous musicals of the past, while exploding to life with today’s sound and spirit.
Kiss and Tell=1996-11-09=An undercover police officer must prove that a lonely man's missing wife was murdered.
Slappy and the Stinkers=1998-01-23="Five 2nd-grade kids who don't follow strict rules by their school principal Brinway are dubbed ""Stinkers"" by him. On the class visit to an aquarium the Stinkers decide that a sea lion called Slappy doesn't feel too good there, ""free"" him, and plant him into Brinway's hot-tub."
La Loi de la jungle=2016-06-15=Marc Châtaigne, an intern at the Ministry of Standards, is sent to French Guiana to implement European construction standards at Guyaneige: the first Amazonian ski slope, intended to boost tourism in French Guiana. There, he meets Tarzan, an attractive intern at the National Forestry Office, with whom he’ll get lost on a journey through the jungle that will take him far, far away…
Dock Ellis & The LSD No-No=2010-06-01=In 2008, a year before the great Dock Ellis died at 63, radio producers Donnell Alexander and Neille Ilel, recorded an interview in which the former Pirate right hander gave a moment by moment account of June 12, 1970, the day he no-hit the San Diego Padres. Using their original radio documentary as the audio and inspiration, Isenberg commissioned an original animation from James Blagden whose incredible black and white illustrations, lo-fi animation and comic timing perfectly complemented Ellis’s masterful storytelling.
Tom and Jerry: The Magic Ring=2002-03-12="The world's favourite cat and mouse team bounds back into action in an all-new full-length animated adventure certain to cast its spell over the entire family Left in charge of a priceless magical ring by his young wizard master, Tom is horrified when the ring gets stuck on Jerry's head, who then runs off into the city! Before you can say ""abracadabra"", the entire town is hot on our heroes' tails"
Return Home=1990-08-02=A man and his wife are partners in a small business, a service station, that is stuggling to survive financially. They are visited by his brother, a divorced middle-aged man, who has taken a break from his stressful career in a big business corporation.
Westward Ho=1935-08-19=Ballard's trail jumpers attack the Wyatt Company wagon train, killing young John's parents and kidnaping his brother, Jim. In post-Civil War California, John Wyatt, now a man, pulls together a vigilante posse, The Singing Riders, who all ride white horses, dress alike, and ride the trails singing and rounding up outlaw gangs. Meanwhile, John is ever on the lookout for the gang that murdered his parents  As a youngster John Wyatt saw his parents killed and his brother kidnapped. On a wagon train heading West he meets his brother who is now a spy for the gang which originally did the dirty work. He and his brother both fall for Mary Gordon  When Ballard and his men attack the Wyatt wagon train, they kill all except two young brothers. Twelve years later one brother John has organized a vigilante group. The other brother Jim is now part of Ballard's gang and the two are destined to meet again
I pompieri=1985-01-01=Hard and dangerous service. Needed to extinguish fires, but what if there is a fire between the legs?
Le Bossu=1997-12-03=The Comte de Gonzague schemes against his cousin, the Duc de Nevers, even though he is the Duke's heir and will inherit his estates. The Count has kept secret the existence of the Duke's bastard, recently born. When the Duke learns of his child, he journeys to wed the mother, a baron's daughter, in her father's isolated chateau. The occupants of the castle are surprised and murdered by the Count and his men. The only ones to escape are the Duke's friend, the skilled swordsman Lagardère, and the infant, a girl, now the rightful heiress to the Duke's vast fortune. The Count believes the pair to have drowned, when in fact they have been concealed by a travelling troupe of Italian players. Twenty years pass. The Count has discovered that the two survive and seeks to have them slain. But Lagardère gains the confidence of the Count, and employment as his bookkeeper, through his clever disguise as a hunch-back...
Karam=2005-01-01="John, a retired assassin is caught in a crossfire when his boss, ""Captain,"" is faced with threats from a rival don, Yunus. Now that everything, including his wife Shalini is at stake he must decide whether to fight back."
My Blind Brother=2016-09-19=Love for the same woman causes conflict between an over-achieving blind athlete and the brother who made him that way.
변호인=2013-12-18=In the early 1980s, South Korea is torn by student protests over the lack of representation in the government.  Song Woo-Seok is a successful attorney in Busan specializing in tax law. His views regarding civil liberties are changed by student activist Park Jin-woo. When Jin-Woo is brutally tortured and put on trial for his activism, Woo-seok decides to defend Jin-woo as his client.
À l'aveugle=2012-03-06=Le cadavre mutilé d’une jeune femme est retrouvé à son domicile. Pas d’effraction, pas de témoin : le crime est parfait. L’enquête est confiée au commandant Lassalle, un flic expérimenté et solitaire, détruit par la mort de sa femme. Alors que d’autres meurtres tout aussi sanglants sont perpétrés, Lassalle est intrigué par la personnalité d’un aveugle, Narvik. Mais l’alibi du suspect est plausible et son infirmité le met hors de cause. Un étrange duel, telle une partie d’échecs, s’engage alors entre les deux hommes.
Gitler kaput!=2008-09-18=A Russian WW2 spy spoof following misadventures of a clueless Soviet secret agent trapped inside Hitler's inner circle.
Gormenghast=2000-01-17=A four-episode television serial based on the Gormenghast series by Mervyn Peake. It was produced and broadcast by the BBC. Gormenghast is an ancient city-state which primarily consists of a rambling and crumbling castle. The narrative, based on the first two of the three Gormenghast novels by Mervyn Peake, begins with the birth of a son, Titus, to the 76th Earl, Sepulchrave Groan, and Countess Gertrude. This mismatched pair (he'd prefer the melancholy privacy of his library; she'd prefer the company of her menagerie of cats and birds) also have a teenaged daughter, Fuchsia, who resents her new brother but comes to love him dearly. Simultaneously, a young kitchen apprentice, Steerpike, takes advantage of an altercation between head cook Swelter and the Earl's manservant, Mr. Flay, and escapes from the kitchens. Gormenghast is rigidly feudal in structure, but Steerpike has ambitions.
The Counterfeit Traitor=1962-04-17=Blacklisted in modern day WW2, a Swedish oil trader opts to assist British Allies, by means of infiltrating and surveying Nazi Germany.
Hell & Back=2015-10-02=Two best friends set out to rescue their pal after he's accidentally dragged to hell.
Kiki=1931-03-14=A young Frenchwoman is determined to get into and stay in show business, no matter what. Then she's determined to win a recently divorced man's heart... again, no matter what.
The Immortal Voyage of Captain Drake=2009-01-17=Sir Francis Drake goes on a quest to find the legendary Tree of Life, battling the Spanish Armada, sea monsters, sorceress and his bitter nemesis Captain Don Sandovate on the way.
The Disorderly Orderly=1964-12-16=The Disorderly Orderly is a 1964 American comedy film released by Paramount Pictures, and starring Jerry Lewis. The film was produced by Paul Jones with a screenplay by director Frank Tashlin, based on a story by Norm Liebermann and Ed Haas.
Un oso rojo=2002-05-23=Bear has never gotten over the separation from his wife and daughter after having been convicted for armed robbery and homicide and sent to prison. Now he is out, to finally get his cut of the money and reunite with his family, or at least avenge the damage done.
The Yellow Handkerchief=2008-12-17=Set in the present-day southern United States, The Yellow Handkerchief stars William Hurt as Brett Hanson, an ex-convict who embarks on a road trip. Hanson hitches a ride with two troubled teens, Martine (Kristen Stewart) and Gordy (Eddie Redmayne) traversing post-Hurricane Katrina Louisiana in an attempt to reach his ex-wife and long-lost love, May (Maria Bello). Along the way, the three reflect on their existence, struggle for acceptance, and find their way not only through Louisiana, but through life.
Protocols Of Zion=2005-03-04=A documentary about the rise of anti-Semitism in the USA after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
All the Wilderness=2014-03-09=Keeping to himself in the wake his father's death, James Charm finds refuge in solitary walks and creating morbid sketches — until a charismatic new friend and a quirky young woman begin to draw him out of his shell.
Why Jones Discharged His Clerks=1900-01-21=Two delinquent clerks are seated in a broker's office engaged in a game of cards. The boss suddenly appears walking through the corridor. The cards are thrown down in great haste and when the employer enters the office the clerks are apparently busily engaged in their work.
The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday=1976-06-23=Sam Longwood, a frontiersman who has seen better days, spies the gold-mine partner, Jack Colby, who ran off with all the gold from a mine they were prospecting fifteen years earlier. He tells his other partners from that time, Joe Knox and Billy, and they confront Colby demanding not only the thousand dollars he took but an addition fifty-nine thousand for their trouble. After being thwarted in this attempt, they, and a would-be whore named Thursday, hatch a plan to kidnap Colby's wife, Nancy Sue, who is coincidently Sam's old flame, but find that Nancy Sue is not the sweet girl that Sam remembers.
Patch Town=2014-01-04=Patch Town, inspired by the award-winning short film of the same name.  After years in a loving home, Jon, a toy, was forgotten, deserted and ultimately betrayed by his adoptive mother. He returns to live a sad life as a worker on the line; a life of factory work and oppression in a place where hundreds of cabbage babies are born every day. The thankless task of shucking, picking, and processing these newborns to go out into the world and to their new mothers has taken its toll on Jon. With each new birth, Jon slips deeper into sadness, lamenting the days when life was good and he was loved.
Evil Roy Slade=1972-02-18="Orphaned and left in the desert as an infant, Evil Roy Slade (John Astin) grew up alone—save for his teddy bear—and mean. As an adult, he is notorious for being the ""meanest villain in the West""—so he's thrown for quite a loop when he falls for sweet schoolteacher Betsy Potter (Pamela Austin). There's also Nelson L. Stool (Mickey Rooney), a railroad tycoon, who, along with his dimwitted nephew Clifford (Henry Gibson), is trying to get revenge on Evil Roy Slade for robbing him."
Belye Rosy=1983-06-06=A funny story about Fyodor - the oldest person in the village - and his three sons.
The Losers=2010-04-23=A tale of double cross and revenge, centered upon the members of an elite U.S. Special Forces unit sent into the Bolivian jungle on a search and destroy mission. The team-Clay, Jensen, Roque, Pooch and Cougar -find themselves the target of a lethal betrayal instigated from inside by a powerful enemy known only as Max. Presumed dead, the group makes plans to even the score when they're joined by the mysterious Aisha, a beautiful operative with her own agenda. Working together, they must remain deep undercover while tracking the heavily-guarded Max, a ruthless man bent on embroiling the world in a new high-tech global war.
ดุ ดวล ดิบ=2012-10-01=Mike, a former France Boxer, moved to Thailand to start his new life. Sadly, he was robbed and had nothing left, then he met Yo, a skillful Thai boxer and his beautiful wife Katoon who crippled from car accident. Mike and Yo entered to underground fight club called “Fighting Fish” where death is unavoidable for loser of the fight.
Krakatoa: The Last Days=2006-05-07=A historical drama documentary depicting the eruption of Krakatoa volcano in 1883. The volcano was located in the Sunda strait in Indonesia and its eruption resulted in tsunami, rains of coals and ash, and ended with a very hot tsunami. The eruption killed more than 36,000 people and those survived were left with burns.
Ο βασιλιάς=2002-11-09=A 35-year old man, just released from jail, decides to make a clean break from the big city and his troubled past. He retreats to the abandoned village his father came from and moves into an old, collapsing house. Alone, far from the bigger village and doing petty jobs to survive, he will strive to find himself once more. Amidst a haze of suspicion and scorn by villagers who treat him an intruder, his past catches up to him in the form of his girlfriend from Athens. Conflict is inescapable
Balls of Fury=2007-08-29=Randy Daytona was a child ping pong prodigy who lost his chance at Olympic gold when his father is murdered by the mysterious Feng over a gambling debt. 15yrs later he's down on his luck and scraping a living doing seedy back room shows in Vegas; when the FBI turn up and ask for his help to take down Feng... who just happens to love Ping Pong.
Le Bonheur est dans le pré=1995-01-31="Francis, the boss of a small plumbing supply company, is harassed by tax collectors, striking employees, and an impossible wife and daughter. His only joy is sharing lunch with his friend Gerard. Then a TV show called ""where are you?"" shows a woman from Gers who is searching for her husband who disappeared 28 years ago. The lost husband looks like an identical twin of Francis..."
Wonderwall=1968-05-17=The eccentric professor Collins lives completely secluded in his chaotic apartment. When the model Penny moves in next to him, he becomes fascinated of her. He drills holes in her walls and ceiling and peeps on her day and night. He loses himself in daydreams and delusions
The Deerslayer=1957-09-10=Director Kurt Neumann's 1957 film version of the James Fenimore Cooper tale set in  colonial America stars Lex Barker, Forrest Tucker, Rita Moreno, Cathy O'Donnell and Jay C. Flippen.
Fright Night=2011-08-18=A teenager suspects his new neighbour is a vampire. Unable to convince anyone, he tries to enlist the help of a self-proclaimed vampire hunter and magician in this remake of the 1985 comedy-horror classic.
Actress=2014-11-07=Brandy Burre had a recurring role on HBO’s The Wire when she gave up her career to start a family. When she decides to reclaim her life as an actor, the domestic world she’s carefully created crumbles around her.
Praia do Futuro=2014-05-01=Donato fails in his attempt to save a drowning man, and meets one of the man's friends. He decides to start his life over, but pieces of his past keep coming after him.
고사: 피의 중간고사=2008-08-06=On the eve of the dreaded university entrance examinations, the lives of 24 of the smartest and brightest students at one high school, are on the line. Locked inside a classroom and nowhere to escape, a television monitor broadcasts a terrified Hae-yeong, the top student at the high school, tied up and seated on a chair inside an aquarium that slowly begins to fill with water. A voice from the monitor announces if the 24 cannot finish the exam administered within the allotted time given, Hae-yeong will die and so will everyone held captive inside the classroom. Thus begins the examination that will determine whether they live or die.
The Shadow Strikes=1937-10-29="Lamont Cranston assumes his secret identity as ""The Shadow"", to break up an attempted robbery at an attorney's office. When the police search the scene, Cranston must assume the identity of the attorney. Before he can leave, a phone call summons the attorney to the home of Delthern, a wealthy client, who wants a new will drawn up. As Cranston meets with him, Delthern is suddenly shot, and Cranston is quickly caught up in a new mystery."
Att stjäla en tjuv=1996-12-25=Roger is a failed petty criminal living in Stockholm who falls in love with the cute Susanna
Dennis=2007-08-23=When Dennis, an introvert bodybuilder, invites a local girl out on a date his mother is hurt and disappointed. Despite the pressure she puts on him to cancel the date, Dennis ventures into a night that he will never forget.
Dr. Alien=1989-10-12=When the mysterious and sexy Ms. Xenobia takes over the biology class at the local college, the dating life of supergeek Wesley Littlejohn takes a serious turn. Littlejohn agrees to be a lab rat for the professor's unusual vitamin research study. Now, thanks to some out-of-this-world supplements, he's been transformed into the campus stud. But Xenobia has ulterior extraterrestrial motives in this sci-fi sex comedy.
劇場版 零〜ゼロ〜=2014-09-26=High school student Aya Tsukimori becomes cursed and is unable to leave her school dormitory. Meanwhile, many students begin reporting ghost sightings at the school, while others go missing and are later discovered to have drowned mysteriously. Soon, Aya attempts to communicate with fellow student Michi Kazato, who begins investigating the disappearances of her friends.
アリーテ姫=2001-08-01=Imprisoned by a sorcerer who fears she will rob him of eternal life, guileless young Princess Arete befriends a villager who helps her plan an escape.
Natimorto=2011-04-29=A talent agent summons a young singer to Sao Paulo in order to present her to a renowned maestro. While they wait for the day of the audition, they stay in a hotel room where, over cigarettes and coffee, the agent reads her future by using cigarette packs as if they were tarot cards. It is during this wait that his true intentions are revealed.
Tribulation=2000-01-14="Tom Canboro is a police detective with a Christian sister, Eileen, a brother, Calvin, a wife, Susan, and eccentric brother-in-law, Jason. One night, Jason seemingly goes insane and tries to kill Eileen, calling her a ""hater"". Tom soon realises this may be a conspiracy going as far as devil worship, but as he speeds in his car to get help, he suddenly looses control and crashes. Waking up in a strange hospital, he finds years have passed and people all over the world are wearing the mark of 666 on their right hands, and all those who don't are being killed off. Franco Macalusso, the believer in world peace Jason was fond of, now controls the world, and is trying to bring the world together as it was at the tower of Babel. Meanwhile, the ""Haters"" or Christians are hiding out and airing TBN tapes on the air for people to realise the Messiah is really the Antichrist, but their leader, Helen Hannah, is arrested... Written by The Extra in the Background"
Hot Shots!=1991-07-31=Charlie Sheen, Lloyd Bridges, Cary Elwes, Valeria Golino and Jon Cryer co-star in director Jim Abrahams' (Airplane, Naked Gun) truly hilarious spoof of Top Gun. Recruited to join a top-secret mission for the Air Force, a renegade pilot (Sheen) finds himself coping with an incompetent admiral (Bridges) and a carefully selected squadron of flyers who are either inept or half-blind.
Legends of the Hidden Temple=2016-11-26=Three siblings who break away from a lackluster temple tour in a jungle finds themselves immersed in a real-life mission comprised of obstacles that they must complete in order to escape alive.
Efter repetitionen=1984-04-09="Rational, exacting, and self-controlled theater director, Henrik Vogler, often stays after rehearsal to think and plan. On this day, Anna comes back, ostensibly looking for a bracelet. She is the lead in his new production of Stindberg's ""A Dream Play."" She talks of her hatred for her mother, now dead, an alcoholic actress, who was Vogler's star and lover. Vogler falls into a reverie, remembering a day Anna's mother, Rakel, late in life, came after rehearsal to beg him to come to her apartment. He awakes and Anna reveals the reason she has returned: she jolts him into an emotional response, rare for him, and the feelings of a young woman and an older man play out."
The Big Swallow=1901-10-15=A man, objecting to being filmed, comes closer and closer to the camera lens until his mouth is all we see. Then he opens wide and swallows camera and cinematographer. He steps back, chews, and grins.
Ricky Gervais Live 3: Fame=2007-11-12=Ricky Gervais third stand-up comedy routine.
Mark colpisce ancora=1976-10-20=A murderous drug dealer breaks his partner out of police custody. An undercover cop is assigned to track down the two killers and bring them in.
GoldenEye=1995-11-16=James Bond must unmask the mysterious head of the Janus Syndicate and prevent the leader from utilizing the GoldenEye weapons system to inflict devastating revenge on Britain.
Big Top Scooby-Doo!=2012-10-22=When Scooby and the gang hear of a werewolf plaguing a traveling circus, they go undercover as circus performers to get to thebottom the mystery.
Blackbeard's Ghost=1968-02-08=Peter Ustinov stars as the eponymous wraith, who returns to Earth to aid his descendant, elderly Elsa Lanchester (Stowecroft). The villains want to kick Lanchester and her friends out of their group home so that they can build a crooked casino. Good guy Steve Walker (Jones) gets caught in the middle of the squabble after evoking Blackbeard's ghost.
The Shock Doctrine=2009-09-01="An investigation of ""disaster capitalism"", based on Naomi Klein's proposition that neo-liberal capitalism feeds on natural disasters, war and terror to establish its dominance."
Cherry Falls=2000-08-25=Cherry Falls is a quiet little town - until the night that a serial killer begins preying on its youth. After a third teen is found slain, the killer's modus operandi emerges: the victims were all virgins. Sheriff Marken (Michael Biehn), is concerned for the safety of the teens in general and in particular his own daughter Jody (Brittany Murphy), who is still a virgin.Once the students realise that to save their skins they're going to have to lose their virginity now, a meet-and-mate party takes shape. Jody finds herself at the centre of the mystery and the mayhem. As the students' 'Pop Your Cherry' ball gets going off campus, Jody takes matters into her own hands, in more ways than one...
Broken Blossoms=1919-05-13=Broken Blossoms is an American silent film from director D. W. Griffith. This melodrama tells the love story of an abused English woman and a Chinese Buddhist in a time when London was a brutal and harsh place to live.
Ultimo tango a Parigi=1972-10-14=A young Parisian woman begins a sordid affair with a middle-aged American businessman whom lays out ground rules that their clandestine relationship will be based only on sex.
Extraterrestrial=2014-10-17=Five friends set out to a cabin in the woods for a fun weekend getaway that is, until extraterrestrial visitors turn it into a fight for their lives. The group is pulled from their reverie when a flickering object crashes deep in the woods. As they investigate, the friends stumble across an alien spacecraft, and its inhabitants have not arrived in peace.
The Vanishing Legion=1931-06-01=A mysterious master criminal known as The Voice plots with his gang to sabotage the Milesburg Oil Company, but the rightful heir has a secret army of her own to protect her rights.
The Skydivers=1963-01-01=A woman seeks revenge on her former lover, who owns a skydiving business.
Runaway Jury=2003-10-09=A juror on the inside and a woman on the outside manipulate a court trial involving a major gun manufacturer.
Cinderella=2015-03-12=When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods.
CHiPS=2017-03-23=The adventures of two California Highway Patrol motorcycle officers as they make their rounds on the freeways of Los Angeles.
Risto Räppääjä ja polkupyörävaras=2010-02-11=Summer vacation has just begun. In honor of Peace Rapper and Lennart Lindberg decide to go on holiday. The duration of Ricky Rapper and Nelli Nuudelipäätä will handle the harsh Elvi - aunt. Luckily, Ricky gets a great comfort to the new bike, but as soon as mysteriously disappears. Risto and Nelli leave together in search of the wheel, and it begins with the thrilling adventure.
Ερείπια=2013-09-15=A documentary about a shocking case of HIV criminalization in Greece.
Twisted Desire=1996-05-13=A teenage girl convinces a young, love-struck ex-con that the only way they can be together is to do away with her domineering parents.
Support Your Local Sheriff=1969-03-26=A quick-witted drifter wanders into a lawless town in the midst of a gold rush. Shocked by the prices of food and meals he reluctantly takes the job of sheriff by amazing the Mayor with his lightning quick, dead eye pistol accuracy. He makes the town council know that he is really just passing through on his way to Australia and he will pull up and leave anytime he chooses (including at the first sign of real trouble). His first day on the job he takes on the biggest, meanest ranching family and meets his klutzy love interest.
The Nativity=1978-12-17=The story of the courtship of Joseph and Mary, and of the events leading up to the first Christmas.
백만장자의 첫사랑=2006-02-09="""A Millionaire's First Love"" focuses on Kang Jae-Kyung's struggle with a clause in his grandfather's will that says he will only get his inheritance if he graduates from a high school in the country. Relocated into the mountains, he finds puppy love with a naive country girl. Can love change the spoiled urbanite and awaken his gentler side?"
Mama=2016-01-27=A Slovenian mother takes her addicted and self-destructive daughter with her to a remote Italian village. Isolation as attempted salvation. Inspired by Proust, Skafar turns this theme into a gentle and beautiful film, a poem about two souls in which the unutterable slowly comes to the surface.
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2=2013-09-26=After the disastrous food storm in the first film, Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company, which has been tasked to clean the island, and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles, hungry tacodiles, shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons, he and his friends must return to save the world.
Buon funerale, amigos!... paga Sartana=1970-10-08=After witnessing a brutal massacre, the legendary hero Sartana is ready to do some investigating. Almost everyone in the tiny town of Indian Creek seems eager to buy up the property left behind by the murder victims, and one of them could well be behind the killings. The sheriff himself is not above suspicion, so Sartana must uncover the culprit all on his own.
The Bridge of San Luis Rey=2004-01-01=The Bridge of San Luis Rey is American author Thornton Wilder's second novel, first published in 1927 to worldwide acclaim. It tells the story of several interrelated people who die in the collapse of an Inca rope-fiber suspension bridge in Peru, and the events that lead up to their being on the bridge.[ A friar who has witnessed the tragic accident then goes about inquiring into the lives of the victims, seeking some sort of cosmic answer to the question of why each had to die. The novel won the Pulitzer Prize in 1928.
Steamboat Bill, Jr.=1928-02-14=The just out of college effete son of a no-nonsense steamboat captain comes to visit his father whom he's not seen since he was little.
Texas Carnival=1951-10-05=A Texas carnival showmen team is mistaken for a cattle baron and his sister.
Jättiläinen=2016-01-22=A young and ambitious civil servant Jussi finds himself being in charge of the environmental permit of a huge nickel and uranium mine in Northern Finland. The Talvivaara mine, led by a charismatic globe trotting visioner Pekka Perä is introducing an entirely new method of collecting minerals whilst creating jobs in one of the poorest areas in Scandinavia. Jussi slowly discovers that he has been led astray by several people and that the new method has serious downsides he did not forsee. The mine is causing environmental hazards that are being hushed down. A new application for another permit is brough to his table by the same mine. Along with the application comes an interesting job offer and a chance of a new beginning. Jussi has to decide whether he will play along and if so, with whom.
Gui tu lie che=2009-06-06=A family embarks on an annual tormenting journey along with 200 other million peasant workers to reunite with their distant family, and to revive their love and dignity as China soars as the world's next super power.
Le gendarme et les extra-terrestres=1979-01-31=The bungling inspector Cruchot (Funès) finds himself trying to save the residents of St. Tropez from some oil-drinking humanoid aliens. The only way to tell the aliens from the real people, besides their constant thirst for oil-products, is that they sound like empty garbage cans when you touch them. Chaos is ahead.
Freedom Song=2000-02-27=Freedom Song (2000) is a made-for-TV film based on true stories of the Civil Rights Movement in Mississippi in the 1960s. It tells the story of the struggle of African Americans to register to vote in the fictional town of Quinlan. In the midst of the Freedom Summer, a group of high school students in the small town are eager to make grassroots changes in their own community. The young activists meet resistance not only from white southerners, but from their parents, who have experienced firsthand the violence that can result from speaking out.[1] As high school students band together with the support of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, they make strides in registering African-American voters and gaining awareness for their cause.
Ironclad 2: Battle for Blood=2014-03-14="A survivor of the Great Siege of Rochester Castle fights to save his clan from from Celtic raiders. A sequel to the 2011 film, ""Ironclad."""
1920=2008-09-12=The year is 1920 and the house isolated in the wilderness has a secret. It is waiting for the curse to come true. For years, everyone who has bought the house and tried to pull it down has died of mysterious circumstances. It is like the house has a will and a life of its own.
Dinotopia=2002-05-12=Carl and David, two boys flying a small aircraft over the ocean with their father, crash land near an uncharted island. The boys swim safely to shore, but their father unfortunately drowns in the crash. On their own, the brothers explore the island and soon discover it is not only inhabited by people, but by dinosaurs as well! While the place seems easy enough to get used to, the boys must find a way of returning to their home.
One More Time=2016-04-08=Beautiful aspiring rock star Jude is stuck in a rut - relegated to recording commercial jingles and lost in a series of one night stands. When she is evicted from her Brooklyn apartment, she is forced to move into the Hamptons home of her wealthy - and selfish - father Paul Lombard, an over-the-hill, Sinatra-esque crooner angling for a musical comeback.
Mickey's Gala Premier=1933-07-01=Mickey's film is having a premiere, and all the stars turn out at the Chinese Theatre. Among those shown: Laurel and Hardy, the Marx Brothers, Jimmy Durante, Clark Gable, Sid Grauman, Mae West. The picture, Galloping Romance (Pegleg Pete kidnaps Minnie, and Mickey gives chase on a variety of animals), starts, and everyone in the audience sways along to the music, then rolls in the aisles with laughter. After, everyone comes on stage to congratulate Mickey; Garbo smothers him with kisses.
Jurassic Prey=2015-06-23=A woman steals money from her mob boss husband hoping to start a new life with her lover. Meanwhile, a washed-up former child star and his buddies rob a bank with a police detective hot on their trail. Through a twist of fate, these people all find themselves at a remote cabin, unaware that recent construction work has unleashed a ferocious creature which now roams the surrounding area! Who will survive in MEATEATERS!
The Three Musketeers=1948-10-10=The hectic adventures of D'Artagnan, a young provincial noble who just comes to Paris to enter the musketeers. He will meet action, love, hate, the king and the queen as his impetuousness gets him involved in political plots... and of course virile and indestructible friendship with the three musketeers Athos, Porthos and Aramis. Written by Yepok
Buchanan Rides Alone=1958-08-01=A Texan pits a powerful family against itself to save a Mexican from hanging.
Kreuzweg=2014-03-20=Maria finds herself caught between two worlds. At school this 14-year-old girl has all the typical teenage interests, but when she’s at home with her family she follows the teachings of the Society of St. Pius XII and their traditionalist interpretation of Catholicism. Everything that Maria thinks and does must be examined before God. And since the Lord is a strict shepherd, she lives in constant fear of committing some misconduct...
Extreme Prejudice=1987-04-24=A Texas Ranger and a ruthless narcotics kingpin - they were childhood friends, now they are adversaries.
The Caretakers=1963-08-21=This movie chronicles the trials of the mentally ill and their care-givers in an over-crowded ward of a hospital.
A Fuller Life=2013-08-28=Friends and admirers of iconoclastic film director Sam Fuller read from his memoirs in this unconventional documentary directed by Fuller's only child, Samantha.
Ploy=2007-05-21=A husband and wife are locked inside a single hotel room with a stranger named Ploy. Subtle suspicions build up to jealousy as the young woman triggers devastating consequences for the couple.
Solo Sunny=1980-01-18=Sunny is the singer of band trying to establish itself in the music-scene of East-Berlin. They play regular gigs in small towns, but Sunny feels out of touch with the audience and her life as a whole. She begins a relationship with the amateur saxophonist and studied philosopher Ralph who writes her a very personal song - but his obsession with death and unfaithful lifestyle is not for her. After getting into a quarrel with a band member who harasses her and telling off a show-host she is thrown out of the band. Abandoned, she struggles to regain control over her life.
Abar, the First Black Superman=1977-03-01=Upon moving into a bigoted neighborhood, the scientist father of a persecuted black family gives a superpower elixir to a tough bodyguard, who thus becomes a superpowered crimefighter.
Forgiveness=2006-08-08=On April 9, 1948, a Jewish militia entered the Palestinian village of Deir Yassin and killed over 100 villagers. Soon after, a mental hospital was built on the ruins. The first patients to be committed were Holocaust survivors. A legend says that to this day, the survivors have been communicating with the ghosts of the village. Forgiveness tells the story of David Adler, a 20-year old American-Israeli who decides to move back to Israel, only to find himself committed to a mental institution that sits on the ruins of a Palestinian village called Deir Yassin. Flashbacks and flashforwards reveal the events that led up to his hospitalization.
Mike Birbiglia: My Girlfriend's Boyfriend=2013-08-22=Mike Birbiglia shares a lifetime of romantic blunders and misunderstandings. On this painfully honest but hilarious journey, Birbiglia struggles to find reason in an area where it may be impossible to find: love.
Iris=2016-11-16=The sudden disappearance of a wealthy banker's wife cracks open a dizzying world of secret fetishes, desperate acts and elaborate deceptions.
For Richer or Poorer=1997-12-11=Brad Sexton and his wife, Caroline, are wealthy New Yorkers with both marital and financial problems. The latter issue becomes a pressing matter when they discover that their accountant has embezzled millions and pinned the blame on them. Forced to go on the lam, Brad and Caroline end up in an Amish area of Pennsylvania and decide to pose as members of the religious group to evade the IRS. As the two adapt to the simple Amish lifestyle, they begin to reconnect.
Les Girls=1957-01-01="After writing a tell-all book about her days in the dance troupe ""Barry Nichols and Les Girls"", Sybil Wren is sued for libeling her fellow dancer Angele. A Rashômon style narrative presents the story from three points of view where Sybil accuses Angele of having an affair with Barry, while Angele insists that it was actually Sybil who was having the affair. Finally, Barry gives his side of the story."
The Patent Leather Kid=1927-09-01=The Patent Leather Kid is a 1927 silent film which tells the story of a boxer who scoffs at fighting outside the ring... particularly for the United States once it enters World War I. Eventually, he is drafted, is shipped overseas, and performs a heroic act, which results in his being severely wounded.
Agnosia=2010-09-26=The protagonist is a young woman, Joan Prats suffering from agnosia, a strange, primary visual disease that is one of the neuropsychological disorders of perception. Although her eyes and ears are in perfect condition, her brain is not able to correctly interpret the stimuli it receives. Joan is the only person to know an industrial secret left behind by her late father and becomes the victim of a sinister plan to extract this information. Her captors plan to use her sensory condition to help extract the information that they so desperately want.
Porci con la P.38=1978-09-23=After an elderly crime boss retires from business, his three lieutenants each inherit a piece of his empire: Max is given the kidnapping ring, while the prostitution racket and the drug trafficking go to the others. Max is not satisfied with his share, and after killing the old boss he gets rid of the other two lieutenants. However, a police officer finds a lighter at the murder scene which could lead to Max, who then kidnaps the policeman's daughter.
LEGO DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League - Gotham City Breakout=2016-06-21=The caped crusader reluctantly agrees to let Batgirl and Nightwing take him on a long overdue vacation from crime-fighting, while Superman and the Justice League watch over Gotham City.
Detective Story=1951-11-01=Tells the story of one day in the lives of the various people who populate a police detective squad. An embittered cop, Det. Jim McLeod (Douglas), leads a precinct of characters in their grim daily battle with the city's lowlife. The characters who pass through the precinct over the course of the day include a young petty embezzler, a pair of burglars, and a naive shoplifter.
Hollywood Boulevard=1976-04-25="Joe Dante directs this story of the glamour, the glitter, the magical allure of Hollywood... and not a speck of it rubs off on Miracle Pictures, where ""If it's a good picture, it's a Miracle."" This is a hilarious tribute to the unsung heroes who grind out the B movies massacred by critics, but nursed fondly in the hearts of film fans everywhere."
Cowboy in Sweden=1970-01-01=Lee Hazlewood's album “Cowboy in Sweden” presented as a series of dreams. The movie alternates between absurdist skits and songs, given totally incongruous visual settings.
Dragonworld=1994-08-01="Young John McGowan travels to Scotland to live at his grandfather's castle after he loses his parents in a traffic accident. At the wishing tree he conjures up a dragon friend, Yowler. They grow up together, and one day documentary film maker Bob Armstrong and his daughter Beth stumble upon Yowler. Hungry for fame (and money), Bob convinces John to ""rent"" Yowler to local unscrupulous businessman Lester McIntyre. John is convinced in part by the offer to have the outstanding taxes on the castle paid off, partly because of his growing interest in Beth. Yowler is miserable in the new theme park built for him, and when it becomes clear that McIntyre has tricked them in order to exploit the dragon, John and his new friends take action."
The Beach Girls and the Monster=1965-01-01=A young girl is killed at the beach in Malibu. Professor Otto Lindsay suspects that it is some form of mutated fish. However, his son Richard, who was a good friend of the girl, thinks that it is a madman who has a grudge against Richard and his friends. Soon the list of victims grows to include one of Rich's surfing buddies, Rich's bitchy stepmother Vicky and his friend Mark who was crippled in an auto accident.
Town & Country=2001-04-27=Porter Stoddard is a well-known New York architect who is at a crossroads... a nexus where twists and turns lead to myriad missteps some with his wife Ellie, others with longtime friends Mona and her husband Griffin. Deciding which direction to take often leads to unexpected encounters with hilarious consequences.
Smukke mennesker=2010-09-23=Follows the lives of four longing souls. Ingeborg who feels unattractive and young Jonas who is so attractive that he can literally sell some of what he's got. Anna, a young beautiful woman with a physical disability, and Anders, a tender man with a psychological disability. Four people yearning for love, four people, each hoping for a better tomorrow.
The Work and the Glory III: A House Divided=2006-11-22="Joshua Steed returns to Missouri a wealthy man with a beautiful wife; however, the past has a way of catching up. Soon Joshua is tangled in a web of rumors, deception and betrayal that threatens to tear his family apart. Back in Kirtland, financial trouble riddles the foundations of the fledgling Church causing a division, and questioning of the Prophet Joseph Smith's divine calling. Has he lost his prophetic gift? Hundreds of Saints immigrate to Missouri, where Governor Boggs raises an army - with Joshua at its head - to address the ""Mormon Problem."" When the militia receives orders to attack the Mormon settlement, only Joshua can save his family from the gathering mob."
Sällskapsresan - eller finns det svenskt kaffe på grisfesten?=1980-08-22=Stig-Helmer and Ole Bramserud on a trip to the Canary Islands for Christmas.
Slap Shot 2: Breaking the Ice=2002-01-01=With the original Hanson Brothers still on the same minor league ice hockey team, the Chiefs are sold to a new owner who gives them a female coach and puts them in a league in which they are to be regularly humiliated by an opposing Harlem Globetrotters-like team.
Kortik=1973-01-01=A Red Army officer Polevoy possesses a navy dirk with a secret message encrypted in its handle. The second part of a message belongs to a White army officer Nikitskiy. It's up to three young friends of Polevoy to uncover the mystery.
Madame Sousatzka=1988-10-14=The relationship between a demanding piano teacher and her student, an Indian prodigy.
Gitmo=2005-11-04=A documentary on conditions at the U.S. Guantanamo Bay prison.
Where East is East=1929-05-04=A Chinese wife returns to the American family she left and moves in on her daughter's (Lupe Velez) beau (Lloyd Hughes).
Carry On Cowboy=1966-03-01="Stodge City is in the grip of the Rumpo Kid and his gang. Mistaken identity again takes a hand as a ""sanitary engineer"" (plumber) by the name of Marshal P. Knutt is mistaken for a law marshal! Being the conscientious sort, Marshal tries to help the town get rid of Rumpo, and a showdown is inevitable. Marshal has two aids - revenge-seeking Annie Oakley and his sanitary expertise"
Factotum=2005-04-25="This drama centers on Hank Chinaski, the fictional alter-ego of ""Factotum"" author Charles Bukowski, who wanders around Los Angeles, CA trying to live off jobs which don't interfere with his primary interest, which is writing. Along the way, he fends off the distractions offered by women, drinking and gambling."
The New Guy=2002-05-10=Nerdy high school senior Dizzy Harrison has finally gotten lucky -- after purposely getting expelled, he takes lessons in 'badass cool' from a convict and enrolls at a new school. But can he keep up the ruse?
Stunt Rock=1978-01-01=Australian stuntman Grant Page goes to Los Angeles to work on a television series. He uses his spare time to lend his expertise to rock band Sorcer. Page helps the band develop pyrotechnic magic tricks for their shows, and also recounts to his own exploits as a stuntman and daredevil as well as various stunts by other greats.
Hidden Figures=2016-12-10=The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson – brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history – the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big.
The Raven=1963-01-25=A magician who has been turned into a raven turns to a former sorcerer for help in this film loosely based on the Edgar Allen Poe poem.
El cuerpo=2012-10-04=A woman’s body disappears mysteriously from the morgue without a trace. Police inspector Jaime Peña investigates the strange occurrence with the help of Álex Ulloa, the widower of the missing woman.
Mujeres al borde de un ataque de nervios=1988-03-14=Pepa resolves to kill herself with a batch of sleeping-pill-laced gazpacho after her lover leaves her. Fortunately, she is interrupted by a deliciously chaotic series of events.
Rain=2001-05-14=Janey is on vacation with her brother, Jim, mother, Kate, and father Ed, at their beach house on the Mahurangi Peninsual in New Zealand. Ed and Kate, who are on the verge of divorce, sit around in the back yard all day drinking whiskey and Janey and Jim are left to their own devices. Cady, a local boaty who is having an affair with Kate, catches Janey's pubescent eye. In response to his wife's drinking problem and recurring infidelity, Ed turns to alcohol, ignoring his children almost as much as his wife, which eventually leads to a character's fate.
Gurotesuku=2009-01-17=An unnamed doctor has always had everything he's ever wanted, but that has only made him develop more extreme and depraved needs. He kidnaps a young couple in the prime of their life together and forces them into a game of torment that slowly extinguishes their hopes for survival.
The Wizard of Baghdad=1961-03-03=A genie turned mortal after his many failures is sent to Baghdad. As his last chance to prove himself he must help a prince and princess fulfill a prophecy.
Stealing Cars=2016-04-05=A rebellious teenager navigates his way through the juvenile court system.
Sharkwater=2006-09-11=Driven by passion fed from a life-long fascination with sharks, Stewart Stewart debunks historical stereotypes and media depictions of sharks as bloodthirsty, man-eating monsters and reveals the reality of sharks as pillars in the evolution of the seas.
Oh, God! Book II=1980-10-03=Second 'Oh God' movie has God appearing before 11-year-old Tracy Richards to ask for her help to spread his word and influence over the world which she suggests the slogan 'Think God.' Naturaly, Tracy's divorced parents Paula and Don think Tracy's just crazy and plot to halt her 'heaven-sent' mission to spread God's word. Written by Matthew Patay
Fu Zi=2006-10-15=After his mother flees the family home, a son turns to thieving in order to support his father, an abusive sort who is addicted to gambling.
God on Trial=2008-09-03=In the Jewish tradition of arguing with God, Jewish prisoners in Auschwitz decide to put God on Trial.
Per grazia ricevuta=1971-05-24=Benedetto is a child who came out of an accident uninjured on his first communion's day. The people of his village attribute that to a miracle and made him undergo a strict religious upbringing. That fact will determine his life, which will be affected by inner torment caused by the confrontation between sexual desires and sacrifices of faith, sin and grace.
The Death Kiss=1932-12-05=The Death Kiss re-unites three of the stars of Dracula in a Hollywood movie-set murder mystery.
Office Killer=1997-01-01=When Dorine Douglas' job as proofreader for Constant Consumer magazine is turned into an at-home position during a downsizing, she doesn't know how to cope. But after accidentally killing one of her co-workers, she discovers that murder can quench the loneliness of her home life, as a macabre office place forms in her basement, populated by dead co-workers.
DEATH NOTE リライト2 Lを継ぐ者=2009-10-07=After the events of the first movie Yagami Light faces two new adversaries as he is trying to create a perfect world without crime or criminals. This movie continues the first tv special and is a summary of the last 12 episodes of the tv anime
Willard=1971-07-30=A social misfit, Willard is made fun of by his co-workers, and squeezed out of the company started by his deceased father by his boss. His only friends are a couple of rats he raised at home, Ben and Socrates. (And their increasing number of friends) However, when one of them is killed at work, he goes on a rampage using his rats to attack those who have been tormenting him.
나무없는 산=2009-08-27=In Seoul, Korea, two sisters must look after each other when their mother leaves them to search for their estranged father.
Fugitive Pieces=2007-09-06=A child escapes from Poland during World War II and first heads to Greece before coming of age in Canada.
Manny=2014-12-31=From abject poverty to becoming a ten-time boxing world champion, congressman, and international icon, Manny Pacquiao is the true definition of a Cinderella story. In the Philippines, he first entered the ring as a sixteen-year-old weighing ninety-eight pounds with the goal of earning money to feed his family. Now, almost twenty years later, when he fights, the country of 100 million people comes to a complete standstill to watch. Regarded for his ability to bring people together, Pacquiao entered the political arena in 2010. As history’s first boxing congressman, Pacquiao now fights for his people both inside and outside of the ring. Now at the height of his career, he is faced with maneuvering an unscrupulous sport while maintaining his political duties. The question now is, what bridge is too far for Manny Pacquiao to cross?
Die Mondverschwörung=2011-04-21=During his work as chief reporter for DDC-TV, a German-speaking television station in the USA, Dennis Mascarenas has met some pretty strange people and gotten into quite a few hairy situations. But when he is asked to make a film about the Germans' relationship to the moon, it is the beginning of the craziest and most unbelievable assignment of his career. 'The Moon Conspiracy' is like a glimpse into Pandora's Box: it takes Dennis and his audience on a surreal journey into hidden universes, only to end up at the frozen bottom of the German soul.
Mr. Moto's Gamble=1938-04-07=Celebrated as supersleuth, Mr. Moto comes out fighting when a brutal boxing match turns into cold-blooded murder! Assisted by detective-in-training Lee Chan, Moto sets out to track down the killer based on a single ominous clue: a poisoned boxing glove! But when Moto's hunch points to a corrupt gambling syndicate, he's forced to wager his very life to unmask the culprit—or go down for the count...permanently!
Anonymous Rex=2004-11-19=The dinosaurs didn't go completely extinct when the asteroids hit 65 million years ago. Today, every ten thousandth person in the country is a dinosaur, evolved to be human-sized, wearing sophisticated solid-light holographic disguises to maintain the facade, getting stoned off regular cooking herbs like basil, rosemary and tarragon, and living by their own shadow government's laws; any human who stumbles upon them is to be immediately executed. Two dino private investigators, velociraptor Vincent Rubio and triceratops Ernie Watson, are hired by one of Ernie's old girlfriends to find out why her younger brother committed suicide, and discover a dino cult called Voice Of Progress that wants dinokind to come out of the closet and reclaim the planet.
Sorceress=1982-03-01=To maintain his powers, the evil wizard Traigon must sacrifice his firstborn child to the god Caligara. His wife, however, has other ideas and runs away after giving birth with her twin daughters. Before dying, she hands the girls over to the warrior Krona who promises to raise them as great soldiers. Twenty years later, Traigon returns and begins hunting down his daughters once again. Will the twins, with the help of the Barbarian Erlik and the Viking Baldar, be able to defeat their father?
Smitty=2012-04-10=SMITTY is a family film about a rescue dog. When life gets tough for Ben, a friendly paw is all it takes to pull him through. Mischievous thirteen-year-old Ben is sent to his grandfather's farm for the summer, where he crosses paths with a lovable mutt. With help from the unlikely canine companion, Ben learns the importance of friendship, family and responsibility.
Freddy vs. Jason=2003-08-15=Evil dream-demon Freddy Krueger devises a plan to manipulate the unstoppable Jason Vorhees into hacking up the teenagers of Elm Street in an effort to make people remember the name Freddy Krueger, thus freeing him from limbo.
North Beach=2000-06-07=San Francisco comes alive in this amusing chronicle of urban life. When Tyler has a drunken one night stand with a local stripper, his secret precedes him all over town. Now amidst a haze of springtime revelry, he must make amends to his fiance before she dumps him for good.
Knockaround Guys=2001-09-07=Four sons of well-known New York mobsters must retrieve a bag of cash from a small Montana town ruled by a corrupt sheriff.
Au cœur du mensonge=1999-01-13=In a small Breton town, a 10-year-old girl is found murdered. René, her art teacher, a professional painter, is the last person to have seen her alive. The inspector in charge of the investigation immediately questions him. In this small provincial town where people all know each other and regularly meet at the Bar des Amis, René is increasingly unsettled by the other inhabitants' suspicions and by the inspector's investigation. Children stop coming to him for lessons. His wife, Viviane, a district nurse, protects him and supports him with her love. However, a self-centred media-star writer adds to René's confusion...
Iron Sky=2012-03-10=In the last moments of World War II, a secret Nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the Dark Side of the Moon. During 70 years of utter secrecy, the Nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers.
Kung Fu Panda 3=2016-01-23="Continuing his ""legendary adventures of awesomeness"", Po must face two hugely epic, but different threats: one supernatural and the other a little closer to his home."
Bug=2006-05-19=A lonely waitress with a tragic past, Agnes rooms in a run-down motel, living in fear of her abusive, recently paroled ex-husband. But when Agnes begins a tentative romance with Peter, an eccentric, nervous drifter, she starts to feel hopeful again - until the first bugs arrive...
Lake Placid 2=2007-04-28=Man-eating crocodiles return to the lake as two males and one aggressive female crocodile, which is protecting her nest, wreak havoc on the locals.
Kruistocht in Spijkerbroek=2006-11-15=Dolf a 15 year old boy is sent back in time by a timemachine. Accidentally he is sent back to the Middle Ages. He is rescued by children who are part of a childrens' crusade, on their way to rescue Jeruzalem. During the trip Dolf finds out the danger is not coming from outside the crusade, but from within.
They Nest=2000-01-01=After freezing up under pressure in the emergency room, Dr. Cahill decides to spend a few months unwinding on a little Maine island where he immediately gets off on the wrong foot with the locals. Meanwhile, a body has washed up on shore infested with a strange type of carnivorous cockroach. But when Dr. Cahill tries to warn the townsfolk of the danger, they are naturally skeptical. Will they realize the truth before it's too late?
Søndagsengler=1996-02-09="The Other Side of Sunday, also known in Norwegian as ""Søndagsengler"", is a movie that criticizes the small, and often tight, church community. We follow the Preacher's Daughter, Maria, on her journey to liberate herself from the stiff church community and her father."
Sing yuet tung wa=1999-01-01=On the eve of her Japanese wedding, Hitomi (Takako Tokiwa) loses her fiance, Tatsuya, to a car accident. She travels to Hong Kong seeking solace and meets undercover cop Karbo -- a dead ringer for Tatsuya. The duo is forced to take it on the lam when a corrupt colleague frames Karbo, and Hitomi soon finds herself torn between her love for Tatsuya and her blossoming feelings for her fellow fugitive. Leslie Cheung plays Tatsuya and Karbo.
Going Hollywood=1933-12-22=The film tells the story of Sylvia (Marion Davies), a French teacher at an all-girl school, who wants to find love. When she hears Bill Williams (Bing Crosby) on the radio, she decides to go visit and thank him. However, difficult problems lay ahead when Lili (Fifi D'Orsay) gets in the way.
A Cadaver Christmas=2011-04-02=United by terrifying and bizarre circumstances, the janitor, the drunk, the bartender, the cop, his perp, and the student security guard must fight to undo the professor's work. A dark force is at work in the cadaver lab this Christmas and this unconventional band of heroes are the only hope the world has against an army of living corpses that are quickly recruiting new members. The undead have been given the gift of life and it's up to the janitor to take it back.
Gagarin: Pervyy v Kosmose=2013-06-05=The film is dedicated to the first steps of mankind on the path of space exploration and direct the fate of the first cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin. The main motif - the fight for the right to be first: the competition in the first cosmonaut, competition in missile technology, the confrontation of superpowers - the USSR and the USA.  In the first group of astronauts were selected from three thousand fighter pilots across the country. In twenty of the legendary got the best of the best. Which of them will fly first, no one knew. In this way, had to contend not only with the pull of the earth ...
Valley Girl=1983-04-08=Julie, a girl from the valley, meets Randy, a punk from the city. They are from different worlds and find love. Somehow they need to stay together in spite of her trendy, shallow friends.
Addams Family Reunion=1998-09-22="The Addams Family goes on a search for their relatives. Gomez and Morticia are horrified to discover that Grandpa and Grandma Addams have a disease that is slowly turning them ""normal"". The only chance they have of a cure is to find a family member hoping that they know a home remedy."
おもひでぽろぽろ=1991-07-20=It’s 1982, and Taeko is 27 years old, unmarried, and has lived her whole life in Tokyo. She decides to visit her family in the countryside, and as the train travels through the night, memories flood back of her younger years: the first immature stirrings of romance, the onset of puberty, and the frustrations of math and boys. At the station she is met by young farmer Toshio, and the encounters with him begin to reconnect her to forgotten longings. In lyrical switches between the present and the past, Taeko contemplates the arc of her life, and wonders if she has been true to the dreams of her childhood self.
ハードラックヒーロー=2003-01-01="Sometimes it is simply the wrong place at the worst possible moment and get to see their lives change because of this. Such is the case for the film's six heroes, as you can come in three parallel documents which are then woven into each other in a subtle and smooth way. We have Asai, dishwasher that suddenly may act Thai boxer to save the skin of his friend Ishii, who would have ordered an opponent of the evening fixing kickboxing match. We have two ""salarymen"" Ikeyama and Kishimoto, who by chance ends up at the restaurant where kickboxing match takes place. And last but not least we have the two amateur thieves Fujita and Kudoh, who are both indebted and somewhat desperate. All they will have to fly more or less for their lives from the restaurant and you suspect it will all end in disaster."
Digging to China=1997-07-07=Harriet, a ten-year old girl, lives together with her big sister and her alcoholic mother out in the countryside. The family runs a motel. Harriet is different from the others, as she owns a great creativity and has nobody to play with. Her infinite world exists only in her mind. One day, Ricky comes along. He is a grown-up, but retarded son of an elderly lady. Soon, Harriet and Ricky share their experiences of life from a different point of view and become close friends. But his mother still plans to give Ricky away into professional care in a home, because she won't live forever to be there for him
LUV=2013-01-18=Over the course of one day, a shy 13-year-old forms a bond with his troubled uncle.
Reindeerspotting - Escape From Santaland=2010-04-09=Reindeerspotting is a documentary film of a group of young guys living in Rovaniemi, Arctic Circle, dabbling in petty crime and hard drugs. One of them, Jani, has lost five years of his life and two fingers to his debotators. He wants to leave Lapland and his old life behind. Robbing a supermarket is a start for his getaway. A few years back a documentarist, Joonas Neuvonen, was a young men living on social welfare, using drugs on daily basis. He started to film his friends and their life. This is the story of Jani.
Flash=1997-12-21=A boy falls in love with a horse named Flash that's for sale. He gets a job to earn the money to buy the horse, but he's forced to sell when the family falls upon hard times.
The Island President=2012-03-28=Follows the globe-trotting journey of President Mohamed Nasheed of the Maldives, the lowest-lying country in the world, who, after bringing democracy to his country, takes up the fight to keep it from disappearing under the sea.
Nadine=1987-08-07=Hairdresser Nadine Hightower wants to retrieve the risqué photos she once posed for, but when she visits the photographer at his office, he's murdered by an intruder. Nadine talks her estranged husband, Vernon, into going along when she returns to the office, where they stumble across plans for a less than legal construction project. But when Vernon tries to turn the documents into a cash windfall, he and Nadine are pursued by goons with guns.
Day Night Day Night=2006-05-25=A 19 year-old girl prepares to become a suicide bomber in Times Square. She speaks with no accent so it's impossible to pinpoint her ethnicity. And we never learn why she made her decision. We don't know whom she represents, what she believes in--we only know she believes it absolutely.
The Girl from the Song=2017-04-24=A young musician travels to Burning Man, a psychedelic festival in the middle of the Nevada desert, in an attempt to get the impetuous girl he has fallen in love with.
La Fête à Henriette=1952-12-17=Two scriptwriters argue about the fate of Henrietta, a charming and gamine shopgirl. One favors a comical path for their heroine, who is overcome with sentimental love for a young photographer on Bastille Day. The other has a more thrilling and dastardly fate in mind for her. Among the film's irresistible conceits is Hildegarde Neff as an oversexed circus bareback rider.
Little Miss Broadway=1938-07-29=An orphan is provisionally adopted by the manager of a hotel populated by show business people. The hotel's owner doesn't like the entertainers and wants the girl returned to the orphanage.
To.get.her=2011-01-21="Five teenage girls with a shared secret get together for a weekend of ""No Consequences."" The sex, drugs and rock n'roll they intend pale in comparison to the more dangerous path they find themselves on."
Il Boia Scarlatto=1965-11-28=A photographer and his models go to an old, abandoned castle for a photo shoot. Unbeknownst to them, the castle is inhabited by a lunatic who believes himself to be the reincarnated spirit of a 17th-century executioner whose job it is to protect the castle against intruders.
Murder, She Baked: A Deadly Recipe=2016-06-19=Bakery owner Hannah Swensen just can't keep her hands out of the batter when murder stirs things up in Lake Eden, Minnesota, leaving the sheriff dead, a deputy accused, and a killer on the loose.
The Curse of Inferno=1996-12-30=A rather dull minded bank robber suddenly suffers from a change of heart and decides to give the money back. However, he then learns that getting the money back into the bank is much more difficult than taking it out.
Chaar Sahibzaade=2014-11-06=Chaar Sahibzaade is the first photo realistic' 3D animation film in S-3D on Sikh history. It is the real story of the sacrifices of the four sons of Guru Gobind Singh ji (tenth guru of Sikhs)- Baba Ajit Singh ji, Baba Jujhar Singh ji, Baba Zorawar Singh ji and Baba Fateh Singh ji.
Ethan Frome=1993-03-12=Based on the novel of the same name by Edith Wharton, it is about a husband and wife (Ethan and Zeena), who need an extra hand around the house due to Zeena's debilitated body and constant illness. The young woman who joins them is a beautiful, spirited person. She and Ethan fall in love much to the dismay of Zeena. Written by Jason Ihle
Легенда №17=2013-04-17=Biopic of Russian ice hockey legend Valeri Kharlamov from early childhood, rising to the pinnacle of the sport and his untimely death
After.Life=2010-04-09=A young woman caught between life and death... and a funeral director who appears to have the gift of transitioning the dead, but might just be intent on burying her alive.
Cea mai fericita fata din lume=2009-05-08=Delia, a young Romanian girl, comes to Bucharest with her parents to collect a prize she has won in a contest organized by a soft-drinks company. The prize is a beautiful new car. All Delia has to do now is appear in front of the camera in a commercial. All goes well until it becomes clear that Delia and her parents have very different ideas about what to do with the new car. Meanwhile, the contest's sponsor needs a radiant prize-winner with a gleaming smile. A wicked satire and a psychological portrait of a society perverted by its slavery to capitalism and consumerism
The Big Year=2011-10-13=Three fanatical bird-watchers spend an entire year competing to spot the highest number of species as El Nino sends an extraordinary variety of rare breeds flying up into the U.S., but they quickly discover that there are more important things than coming out on top of the competition
Wirey Spindell=2000-01-21=A whimsical look back at the life of a bisexual man who is going straight and nervous about his upcoming wedding.
Get Thrashed=2006-10-03="Get Thrashed traces the rise, fall and impact of thrash metal; from its early years, through its influence on grunge, nu metal and today's heavy metal scene. It is the story of the heaviest, hardest music of the 80s and early 90s as told by the bands who lived it, the fans and bands that grew up on it and by the artists that carry the ""thrash metal"" flag today."
The Last Word=2017-03-03=A retired businesswoman – who tries to control everything around her – decides to write her own obituary. A young journalist takes up the task of finding out the truth, and the result is a life-altering friendship.
