Christmas Evil=1980-11-01=A toy factory worker, mentally scarred as a child upon learning Santa Claus is not real, suffers a nervous breakdown after being belittled at work, and embarks on a Yuletide killing spree.
Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever=2002-09-20="Jonathan Ecks, an FBI agent, realizes that he must join with his lifelong enemy, Agent Sever, a rogue DIA agent with whom he is in mortal combat, in order to defeat a common enemy. That enemy has developed a ""micro-device"" that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will."
Z Channel: A Magnificent Obsession=2004-05-16=A documentary on the Z Channel, one of the first pay cable stations in the US, and its programming chief, Jerry Harvey. Debuting in 1974, the LA-based channel's eclectic slate of movies became a prime example of the untapped power of cable television.
Banksy Does New York=2014-11-17=On October 1, 2013, the elusive street artist Banksy launched a month-long residency in New York, an art show he called Better Out Than In. As one new work of art was presented each day in a secret location, a group of fans, called “Banksy Hunters,” took to the streets and blew up social media.
Trolösa=2000-09-15=Scripted by Ingmar Bergman, this very personal film is about a destructive affair which wrecks the marriage of an actress (Marianne) and musician (Markus). Wanting to continue the affair, Marianne moves in with her lover. But she is tormented by Markus' decision not to let her have custody of their daughter. Finally Markus announces he may have a solution to the stalemate, but this leads to deception, lies and ultimately, tragedy.
El desierto=2013-01-01=The failed story of a love triangle in a post-apocalyptic world.
Megan Leavey=2017-06-09=The true story of Marine Corporal Megan Leavey, who forms a powerful bond with an aggressive combat dog, Rex. While deployed in Iraq, the two complete more than 100 missions and save countless lives, until an IED explosion puts their faithfulness to the test.
Phileine zegt sorry=2003-10-09=Gorgeous Dutch youngster Max has two passions, acting and girls. The first becomes his brilliant career, which takes off so well he gets invited to a prestigious New York theatre course for a year. But since he met fickle bitch Phileine in an Utrecht park, his flirting life is cut short while she cruelly plays with his feelings rather then his horny body. After refusing to follow him, she turns up uninvited later and still acts jealous and possessive. Grief follows for everyone, working up to a convoluted finale.
If Lucy Fell=1996-03-08=Joe and Lucy are roommates and best friends. Lucy, whose love life is embarrassingly dull, convinces Joe, who is infatuated with a neighbor he's never met, that if they don't have stable romances within a month, they must jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.
People Like Us=2012-06-29=It tells the story of a struggling man who, after flying home to L.A. for the funeral of his estranged record-producer father, discovers that the will stipulates that he must deliver $150,000 in cash to a 30-year-old alcoholic sister he never knew existed, and her troubled 12-year-old son.
Jumanji=1995-12-15=When siblings Judy and Peter discover an enchanted board game that opens the door to a magical world, they unwittingly invite Alan -- an adult who's been trapped inside the game for 26 years -- into their living room. Alan's only hope for freedom is to finish the game, which proves risky as all three find themselves running from giant rhinoceroses, evil monkeys and other terrifying creatures.
Forsaken=2016-02-02=When a Priest discovers his wife is deathly ill, he decides to go against his faith and use his knowledge of exorcisms to possess her in order to save her life.
Ljeto u zlatnoj dolini=2003-04-16="At the traditional Muslim funeral service for his father Fikret Varupa, sixteen year old boy from Sarajevo, learns that his father owes money to Hamid, a man he does not even know. The debt is considerable and Hamid does not want it to go to the grave with the body, so the debt automatically passes from the father to the son. Since in Bosnia this way of collecting debts, at a funeral, is considered to be utterly humiliating, it is never, ever applied. Fikret and his entire family become subjects of ridicule. Fikret, who is practically still a child, is decisive to ""redeem his father's soul"". Wishing to repay his father's debt and to secure the forgiveness, Fikret wanders into the real world of Sarajevo, the world that is ruled by post-war chaos, misery and poverty and becomes an ideal target for two corrupted policemen who wish to ""help"" him: they plant the kidnapped girl on him."
The Belles of St. Trinian's=1954-09-28=Story of manic schoolgirls who are more interested in racing form than books as they try to get-rich-quick, aided by the head-mistress' brother, played by Alastair Sim, who also plays the head-mistress.
Topper Returns=1941-03-21=Topper is once again tormented by a fun-loving spirit. This time, it's Gail Richards, who was accidentally murdered while vacationing at the home of her wealthy friend, Ann Carrington (Landis), the intended victim. With Topper's help, Gail sets out to find her killer with the expected zany results.
Princesa=2001-06-01=Fernando/Fernanda, a 19-year-old Brazilian transvestite, travels to Milan and becomes a prostitute to finance a sex-change operation.
Bomber=1982-08-05=Bomber is an unemployed boat captain. One day he meets Jerry, a manager of boxers who are struck by the force of his fists. That is when they see the chance to win big money.
La morte ha sorriso all'assassino=1973-01-11=A man discovers an ancient Incan formula for raising the dead, and uses it for a series of revenge murders.
Broderskab=2009-10-21=Former Danish servicemen Lars and Jimmy are thrown together while training in a neo-Nazi group. Moving from hostility through grudging admiration to friendship and finally passion, events take a darker turn when their illicit relationship is uncovered.
The Shootist=1976-08-11=Afflicted with a terminal illness John Bernard Brooks, the last of the legendary gunfighters, quietly returns to Carson City for medical attention from his old friend Dr. Hostetler. Aware that his days are numbered, the troubled man seeks solace and peace in a boarding house run by a widow and her son.However, it is not Brooks' fate to die in peace, as he becomes embroiled in one last valiant battle.
Wild at Heart=1990-05-01=Young lovers Sailor and Lula run from the variety of weirdos that Lula's mom has hired to kill Sailor.
Nowhere to Go=1958-12-02=A professional thief is sprung from prison with the assistance of a new partner who what's to know where he's hid his loot.
The Vault of Horror=1973-03-16=The sequel to Tales from the Crypt.  Five strangers trapped in a basement vault converse about their recurring nightmares. Their stories include vampires, bodily dismemberment, east Indian mysticism, an insurance scam, and an artist who kills by painting his victims' deaths.
Filmage: The Story of Descendents/All=2014-09-30=Long before Green Day and Blink 182 inflicted punk-rock's puncture wound on the map of mainstream music, the Descendents were at home concocting the perfect mix of pop, angst, love, and coffee. FILMAGE: The Story of DESCENDENTS/ALL follows drummer/square-peg Bill Stevenson and his 'caffeinated retardedness' as he pushes his rotating door of bandmates to 'achieve ALL,' his philosophy of going for greatness at all costs. Stevenson is a force to be reckoned with--not even grapefruit-sized brain tumors can keep him down.
Talvar=2015-09-14="Dramatization of the notorious ""Noida Double Murder Case"", which set off a media frenzy around the world in 2008."
Sette contro la morte=1964-06-26=Adventure drama during WW2 in Italy where a mixed group of people get trapped inside a cave after a bomb raid. But can they co-operate? And will they survive?
Shooting Stars=1928-02-06=The husband and wife acting team of Mae Feather and Julian Gordon is torn apart when he discovers she is having an affair with the screen comedian Andy Wilks.
When Jews Were Funny=2013-11-14=From the 1930's to the 1970's, pretty well every comedian or comic you might see on TV or the movies was Jewish. Jews came to dominate the world of western‐society comedy on radio, stage and screen alike.Why did Jews dominate comedy in this period? And why did that domination end? Were Jews just funnier back then? And if so, did that extend to your average Jew on the street? In this 90 minute documentary acclaimed director Alan Zweig will examine these questions and many others in this exploration of 20th century humour, cultural decay, and a search for a missing heritage.
A Place Called Chiapas=1998-02-20="On January 1, 1994, the Zapatista National Liberation Army--made up of impoverished Mayan Indians from the state of Chiapas--took over five towns and 500 ranches in southern Mexico. The government deployed its troops, and at least 145 people died in the ensuing battle. Fighting for indigenous Mexicans to regain control over their lives and the land, the Zapatistas and their charismatic leader, guerilla poet Subcomandante Marcos, began sending their message to the world via the Internet. The result was what THE NEW YORK TIMES called ""the world’s first postmodern revolution."" Years into the uprising, filmmaker Nettie Wild traveled to the jungle canyons of southern Mexico to film the elusive and fragile life of the rebellion. Her camera effectively and movingly captures the personal stories behind a very public clash of traditional culture and globalization."
Goon=2012-01-06="Doug Glatt, a slacker who discovers he has a talent for brawling is approached by a minor league hockey coach and invited to join the team as the ""muscle."" Despite the fact that Glatt can't skate his best friend, Pat, convinces him to give it a shot, and Glatt becomes a hero to the team and their fans, until the league's reigning goon becomes threatened by Glatt's success and decides to even the score."
Muppets from Space=1999-07-14=When Gonzo's breakfast cereal tells him that he's the descendant of aliens from another planet, his attempts at extraterrestrial communication get him kidnapped by a secret government agency, prompting the Muppets to spring into action. It's hard to believe Gonzo's story at first, but Kermit and friends soon find themselves on an epic journey into outer space filled with plenty of intergalactic misadventures.
Une Époque Formidable...=1991-06-19=Michel Berthier, cadre supérieur d'une entreprise de matelasserie, vient d'être licencié. Comme il n'ose pas avouer la vérité à Juliette, sa compagne, il s'endette pour maintenir le niveau de la famille qu'il couvre de cadeaux. Mais il ne peut bientôt plus mentir et il décide alors de quitter la maison. Après avoir perdu son argent, sa voiture et ses chaussures, il rencontre Toubib, Mimosa et Crayon, trois «Sans Domicile Fixe» qui font leur toilette dans les lavabos de la gare de l'Est. Ils le prennent sous leur aile et l'entraînent à aller cambrioler son ancienne entreprise afin de se munir de duvets et de lits
The Mating Game=1959-04-29=Tax collector Lorenzo Charlton comes to the Larkins' farm to ask why Pop Larkins hasn't paid his back taxes. Charlton has to stay for a day to try to estimate the income from the farm, but it isn't easy to calculate when the farmer has such a lovely daughter, Mariette... Plot by Mattias Thuresson.
Love & Friendship=2016-05-27=From Jane Austen’s novella, the beautiful and cunning Lady Susan Vernon visits the estate of her in-laws to wait out colorful rumors of her dalliances and to find husbands for herself and her daughter. Two young men, handsome Reginald DeCourcy and wealthy Sir James Martin, severely complicate her plans.
Little Birds=2011-01-23=Lily and Alison face a life-changing event after they leave their Salton Sea home and follow the boys they meet back to Los Angeles.
Solino=2002-09-23=The movie portrays the story of an Italian family emigrated in Germany in the 1970s. Romano (Gigi Savoia), the father, decides to open a pizzeria which, by mutual decision with the wife Rosa (Antonella Attili), will call Solino, leaving his sons Gigi and Giancarlo to work there. A hostile relationship comes to life between the father and his sons, which will end up in the escape of the boys from family.
О чём говорят мужчины=2010-03-04=Four old friends - Kamil, Lesha, Sasha and Slava - all well-to-do professionals in their late 30s embarking on a two days road trip from Moscow to Odessa. They wish to escape the metropolis and the everyday routine of work, family and girlfriends to relax in a nightclub run by Slava's friend and to see the popular band B-2 show.
Mein Vater=2003-01-08=Jochen's life is going well. He has just moved into a new house with his wife and child when suddenly his widowed father accidentally runs into a car and begins to lose his mind. The family take the old man in but tensions arise when the family has to grapple with the old father's worsening Alzheimer's condition.
Love=2011-02-02=After losing contact with Earth, Astronaut Lee Miller becomes stranded in orbit alone aboard the International Space Station. As time passes and life support systems dwindle, Lee battles to maintain his sanity - and simply stay alive. His world is a claustrophobic and lonely existence, until he makes a strange discovery aboard the ship.
Buenos Aires 100 KM=2005-02-10=A remote village 100 kilometers from the city of Buenos Aires. A place that dreams of the nation's capital. Stephen, Matías, Alejo, Damián and Guido were born 13 years ago in this small town. Have always been friends and together they share the monotonous summer afternoons sitting on the stoop of a women's hairdresser. Anxious, restless, impatient for a change, go through the most confusing period of experiment. The transition from childhood to adolescence. Appears curious about women and sexual awakening, accompanied by the rebellion against their parents and family mandates.
Jat go zi tau di daan sang=1997-03-14=This arty triad flick from Wai Ka-Fai and Johnnie To is as good as genre pictures get in this era. Lau Ching-Wan is Kau, a small potato in the triad world who must make a fateful decision to discover who he is. With that decision, his life can diverge in two paths, each leading to an ultimate fate.
The Quiet Earth=1985-09-08=After a top-secret experiment misfires, a scientist may be the only man left alive in the world.
Chicken Ranch=1983-01-01="Documentary on the ""Chicken Ranch,"" a legal Nevada brothel."
Urge=2016-02-14=A group of friends on holiday on an island experiment a new designer drug that makes them lose their ability to control their urges.
Loukoumades me meli=2005-01-07=Manos (Christos Loulis) seems to have problems with his love life. He leaves the capital and coercive girlfriend to be close to his only relatives in the province. There, apart from his uncle (Paul Chaikalis) - that is looking frantically for donuts with honey - and beloved aunt (Bright Baxevani), he will meet Xenia (Fay Xila), an old friend who now works in the funeral home. With the help of the clever and cute pink piggy Marikaki he will try to reveal a old secret on the whole village and break out the lies that prevent redemptive truth.
Terminal Velocity=1994-09-23=A maverick skydiver and a former KGB agent team up to stop the Russian mafia from stealing gold.
The Grave=1996-01-01=Two prisoners escape with the help of their jailer to search for a treasure that is supposedly buried with a dead millionaire.
Bytte Bytte Købmand=2010-09-27="The rules have changed In ""Bytte Bytte Købmand"". Anders and Thomas can freely use each other as to say whatever they want, and how they want. Neither of them can change the script they give each other!"
King Cobra=1999-08-10=30 feet of pure terror is the result of an experimental drug used in a biochemical lab and this mutated nightmare is pure evil! Half-African cobra and half-diamondback, he's 30 feet long with a giant appetite for terror.
Sioux City=1994-04-01=A young Lakota Sioux, adopted by a wealthy Jewish couple in Beverly Hills, gets in touch with his cultural roots and solves a mystery in this thriller
Johan Falk: Alla råns moder=2012-10-24=GSI second in command, Sophie Nordh, flips gangster leader Seth Rydell and convinces him to infiltrate a rogue military group. For the first time GSI Chief Patrick Agrell realizes that he is using a ruthless psychopath as an infiltrator. Can Seth be trusted or does he have his own agenda?
Reel Love=2011-11-13=A successful, big city girl returns to her small town roots after a family emergency. Once there she goes on a soulful journey to reconnect with family and friends and finds romance along the way.
Koko, le gorille qui parle=1978-10-01=Koko: A Talking Gorilla is a documentary directed by Barbet Schroeder. The film is a study of Dr. Penny Patterson and her current scientific study, Koko, a gorilla.
Louis Theroux: Savile=2016-10-02=Sixteen years after his documentary When Louis Met Jimmy, Theroux seeks to understand how he was tricked by a man who became his friend
Funny Farm=1975-02-27=Funny Farm depicts a night shift by nurse Alan Welbeck (Tim Preece) on a psychiatric ward.
Avril et le monde truqué=2015-11-04=France asleep in the nineteenth century, governed by steam and Napoleon VI, where scientists vanish mysteriously, a girl, Avril, goes in search of her missing scientist parents.
Twelfth Night=1996-10-31=Shakespeare's comedy of gender confusion, in which a girl disguises herself as a man to be near the count she adores, only to be pursued by the woman he loves.
Турксиб=1929-10-15=Bold and exhilarating documentary account of the building of the Turkestan-Siberian railway, presented as a heroic triumph of Soviet progress over natural adversity.
聖闘士星矢=1987-07-18=When Seiya, Hyōga and Shun visit Saori (Athena) at the orphanage, they meet an employee called Eri. An orphan herself, Eri takes a liking to Hyōga and one night they sit outside watching the stars. They see a shooting star and Hyōga asks Eri to make a wish. After Hyōga leaves, however, Eri becomes powerfully attracted to the shooting star and wanders alone into the woods, where she finds a golden apple. She is then possessed by Eris, the Goddess of Discord, and kidnaps Athena, planning to use the golden apple to suck her energy out, fully reincarnate and take over the world. Eris leaves a message for the Bronze Saints, who set out for the goddess's temple which appears on the mountains. There, the heroes fight the five Ghost Saints: Maya of Sagitta, Orpheus of Lyra, Christ of the Southern Cross, Jan of Scutum (called by the Japanese name Tateza) and Jäger of Orion.
A Horse for Danny=1995-04-08=Danny is a smart little girl. She lives at the track where her uncle is a horse trainer. She knows her uncle needs just one great horse to make his name.
Ovoce stromu rajských jíme=1970-07-31=The story is an allegory of Adam and Eve, in a modern (made in the '60s) Health Retreat. The action involves our hero wandering the grounds where she becomes obsessed with a mysterious man in red, who may or may not be a killer.
The Mummy=2017-06-06=Though safely entombed in a crypt deep beneath the unforgiving desert, an ancient queen whose destiny was unjustly taken from her is awakened in our current day, bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension.
The Informant!=2009-09-18=A rising star at agri-industry giant Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), Mark Whitacre suddenly turns whistleblower. Even as he exposes his company’s multi-national price-fixing conspiracy to the FBI, Whitacre envisions himself being hailed as a hero of the common man and handed a promotion.
おっぱいバレー=2009-04-18=Mikako is a young junior high school teacher who has just transferred to a new school. Excited to be starting a new job, she volunteers for a coach for a boys volleyball club. But, she finds out that there is almost no activity in the club… There are only 5 members, and they are all losers who haven’t even touched a volleyball and only think about girls… To give them an incentive to try hard, she promises them that she will show them her boobs if they win a game! Since then, the boys start practicing extremely hard. Feeling uneasy but happy at the same time to see their attitude changing, Mikako starts to like and trust them. She also learns from them and gets back her confidence which once she lost. Right before the day of the first game, ‘the promise’ is discovered by the school side, and it becomes a big problem…
Lai Bhaari=2014-07-11=Sumitra travels to Pandharpur to find a ray of hope, after Sangram killed her husband and son and took over their business.
Frontera=2014-07-31=After crossing the border illegally for work, Miguel, a hard-working father and devoted husband, finds himself wrongfully accused of murdering a former sheriff’s wife. After learning of his imprisonment, Miguel’s pregnant wife tries to come to his aid and lands in the hands of corrupt coyotes who hold her for ransom. Dissatisfied with the police department’s investigation, the former sheriff tries to uncover the truth about his wife’s death and discovers disturbing evidence that will destroy one family’s future, or tear another’s apart.
El misterio Galíndez=2003-09-26=On March 12, 1956, Basque Nationalist Jesús de Galíndez Suarez disappears from his apartment in New York, never heard from again. He had been working with the FBI and was about to publish a book critical of Dominican strongman, Trujillo. In 1988, a graduate student, Muriel Colber, wants to make Galíndez the subject of her dissertation. She's in Spain doing research; finding little, she goes to Santo Domingo. At every turn, the CIA, in the person of agent Robards, tries to thwart her; and, at each turn, as she considers abandoning the project, someone offers new information, often contradictory. She wants the truth behind the Galíndez mystery; will she find it?
Poppy=1936-06-17=Carny con artist and snake-oil salesman Eustace McGargle tries to stay one step ahead of the sheriff but is completely devoted to his beloved daughter Poppy.
Æon Flux=2005-11-30=400 years into the future, disease has wiped out the majority of the world's population, except one walled city, Bregna, ruled by a congress of scientists. When Æon Flux, the top operative in the underground 'Monican' rebellion, is sent on a mission to kill a government leader, she uncovers a world of secrets.
Ha-Trempist=1972-01-01=Incited by a disillusioned young man who has decided to flee from civilization, a group of 4 people go searching for freedom and happiness on an isolated island . When their boat goes astray and they are left without food, their animal instincts take over, bringing the film to its catastrophic end.
Life of Pi=2012-11-20=The story of an Indian boy named Pi, a zookeeper's son who finds himself in the company of a hyena, zebra, orangutan, and a Bengal tiger after a shipwreck sets them adrift in the Pacific Ocean.
San Quentin=1937-05-24=Ex-Army officer Jameson takes a job a prison guard at San Quentin. Joe, the brother of his new girlfriend May, is sentenced to the prison for robbery. When Jameson tries to separate lawbreakers from hardened criminals, badguy Hansen tries to stir up trouble by telling Joe about Jameson's interest in his sister.
The Lost World=1960-07-13=Professor Challenger leads an expedition of scientists and adventurers to a remote plateau deep in the Amazonian jungle to verify his claim that dinosaurs still live there.
Cum mi-am petrecut sfârșitul lumii=2006-09-15=Bucharest 1989 - the last year of Ceausecu's dictatorship. Eva lives with her parents and her 7 year old brother, Lalalilu. One day at school, Eva and her boyfriend accidentally break a bust of Ceausescu. They are forced to confess their crime before a disciplinary committee and Eva is expelled from school and transferred to a reformatory establishment. There she meets Andrei, and decides to escape Romania with him. Lalalilu becomes convinced that Ceausescu is the main reason for Eva's decision to leave. So with his friends from school he devises a plan to kill the dictator.
Όμηρος=2005-03-04=Inspired by the real-life story of a bus hijacking in Northern Greece, HOSTAGE explores the sensitive issue of Greek-Albanian relations through a young Albanian who takes over an intercity bus. Upon hijacking the bus, he takes the seven passengers hostage and demands a ransom of half and million euro, and safe passage to his homeland of Albania. Surrounded by police, the bus trundles towards the Albanian border and the tension mounts until the final harrowing conclusion.
Rockstar=2011-11-11=An uninhibited youth woos the hottest about-to-be-married college girl. He rises to become a rock-star - then self-destructs.
Little Nikita=1988-03-17="Roy Parmenter is an FBI agent in San Diego; 20 years ago his partner was killed by a Soviet spy, nicknamed Scuba, still at large. Scuba is now trying to extort the Soviets; to prove he's serious, he's killing their agents one by one, including ""sleepers,"" agents under deep cover awaiting orders. Roy interviews a high school lad, Jeff Grant, an applicant to the Air Force Academy. In a routine background check, Roy discovers that Jeff's parents are sleepers. He must see if Jeff is also a spy, confront the parents yet protect them, and catch his nemesis. Meanwhile, the Soviets have sent their own spy-catcher, the loner Karpov, to reel in Scuba. Alliances shift; it's cat and mouse."
Rabbit-Proof Fence=2002-02-04=In 1931, three aboriginal girls escape after being plucked from their homes to be trained as domestic staff and set off on a trek across the Outback.
Wire Cutters=2014-07-26=A chance encounter proves fateful for 2 robots mining on a desolate planet.
Mortdecai=2015-01-21=Art dealer, Charles Mortdecai, searches for a stolen painting rumored to contain a secret code that gains access to hidden Nazi gold.
Friday the 13th Part III=1982-08-13=An idyllic summer turns into a nightmare of unspeakable terror for yet another group of naive counselors. Ignoring Camp Crystal Lake's bloody legacy, one by one they fall victim to the maniacal Jason who stalks them at every turn.
Red Planet=2000-11-10=Astronauts search for solutions to save a dying Earth by searching on Mars, only to have the mission go terribly awry.
Louis Theroux: Extreme Love - Autism=2012-04-19=Louis travels to one of the most innovative autism schools of its kind – the DLC Warren in New Jersey – opened in 2007 at a cost of $54 million. There he finds out how specialised intervention can help both the children and the families that care for them.
A Golden Christmas 3=2013-10-16=Heather is a charming free spirit whose self-absorbed fiancé Roger never seems to hear a word that comes out of her mouth. Bobby is a naval officer who comes home from serving overseas, looking to start a new chapter in his life. Both Heather and Bobby long to meet someone who makes them feel like they are at home in this world, but they are starting to doubt that person exists. Thanks to two Golden Retrievers, Bobby's spirited eleven-year-old niece Myra, and a fun-filled theatre production of 'A Christmas Carol,' these two unlucky and unlikely people end up falling in love at Christmas. But can they overcome the issues of their past and present in order to build a future together?
The Wiz=1978-10-24="A Thanksgiving dinner brings a host of family together in a Harlem apartment, where a 24-year-old schoolteacher named Dorothy Gale (Diana Ross) lives with her Aunt Em (Theresa Merritt) and Uncle Henry (Stanley Greene). Extremely introverted, she has, as Aunt Em teases her, ""never been south of 125th Street"", and refuses to move out and on with her life."
Some Kind of Beautiful=2015-07-16=By day, Richard Haig is a successful and well-respected English professor at renowned Trinity College in Cambridge.  By night, Richard indulges his own romantic fantasies with a steady stream of beautiful undergraduates.  But Richard has grown tired of the  game and is looking for something more meaningful and lasting.  So when Kate, Richard’s tanned, athletic, 25-year-old American girlfriend tells him that she is pregnant, Richard is thrilled.  He looks forward to having a family of his own,  being a father his children could be proud of, not some sex-fueled bobcat.  There is only one problem.  Richard’s not in love with Kate.  Richard is in love with Kate’s sister, Olivia. He had been in love with her ever since he first saw her.
Erotikon=1929-02-26=Andrea, a beautiful daughter of a railway gateman, is seduced by a rich passenger, who missed his train. Left pregnant, Andrea marries another man and moves to Prague, only to encounter her former lover and recover her former lust.
Csend és kiáltás=1968-06-12=Miklós Jancsó's Silence and Cry is set during a turbulent era of disquiet, fear, persecution and terror, which permeates every corner of post-WWI Hungarian society. In 1919, after just a few months of communist rule the Hungarian Republic of Councils falls victim to a nationalist counter-revolution. Admiral Horthy, leader of the nationalist far right movement, becomes the self-proclaimed regent of Hungary, and assumes power as the legal Head of State. Soldiers of the short-lived Hungarian Red Army are now on the run from relentless secret policemen and patrol units of the nationalist Royal Gendarme. If caught, ex-Red Army soldiers are executed without mercy or proper trial. István Cserzi, a former soldier of the Red Army has fled to the Great Hungarian Plains and has taken refuge on a farm, which is run by two sympathetic women. Due to the generosity of these women and a former childhood pal...
亀は意外と速く泳ぐ=2005-07-02=Suzume Katagura is an bored housewife, she spends her days doing chores and taking care of her husbands pet turtle. One day she sees an wanted ad for spies, hoping for some excitement she decides to give them a call.
Head Over Heels=2012-05-24=After many years of marriage, Walter and Madge have grown apart: he lives on the floor and she lives on the ceiling. When Walter tries to reignite their old romance, their equilibrium comes crashing down, and the couple that can't agree which way is up must find a way put their marriage back together.
The Dentist=1932-12-09=An unconventional dentist deals with patients in slapstick fashion.
Kiss of Death=1947-08-27=Small-time crook Nick Bianco gets caught in a jewel heist and despite urgings from well-meaning district attorney D'Angelo, refuses to rat on his partners and goes to jail, assured that his wife and children will be taken care of. Learning that his depressed wife has killed herself, Nick informs on his ex-pals and is paroled. Nick remarries, gets a job and begins leading a happy life when he learns one of the men he informed on, psychopathic killer Tommy Udo, has been released from custody and is out for revenge against Nick and his family.
Chi trova un amico trova un tesoro=1981-12-09=Alan gets a map to some war treasure which the Japanese army left behind on a small Pacific island at the end of World War II. But some gangsters try to steal the map from him and so he hides on Charlie's boat which just leaves the harbor. He manipulates the ship's compass so that Charlie is not aware that he is sailing to the treasure island. But when they step on the island, they discover that it is not as abandoned as they believed: there are some natives - and a Japanese soldier still defending the treasure
P2=2007-11-09=Angela, a corporate climber, gets stuck working late on Christmas Eve and finds herself the target of an unhinged security guard. With no help in sight, the woman must overcome physical and psychological challenges to survive.
The Bishop Murder Case=1930-01-03=The murders start with the body of Robin. He is found with a arrow through the heart, but Vance deduces that the body was placed and not found where he was killed. The note found dealing with the murder was part of a nursery rhyme and signed by 'Bishop'. The only witness may have been Mrs. Drukker and Adolph, but they are not talking. As the murders progress, each one is accompanied by a nursery rhyme. It is up to Philo Vance to unravel the clues and unmask the identity of the murderer 'Bishop'.
Mr. North=1988-07-22=Mr. North, a stranger to a small, but wealthy, Rhode Island town, quickly has rumors started about him that he has the power to heal people's ailments...
Exit to Hell=2013-09-30=A group of stick-up kids rob a mafia run strip club and head for the border but when they enter the town of Redstone, they find that crime is a dish best served cold! Kane Hodder (Friday the 13th, Hatchet) takes the title role as Sheriff Slade Sickle, a man with a true appetite for justice! The film co-stars Tiffany Shepis (Nightmare Man, Dark Reel) and Rena Riffel (Showgirls, Mulholland Dr.) in this carnage-filled tribute to American Grind-House cinema.  Horror Legend Kane Hodder (Friday the 13th, Hatchet) is Sheriff Slade Sickle, and when a group of stick up kids arrive in his town, they find that justice is a dish best served cold. Expect buckets of blood, bullets and mayhem in this tribute to American Grindhouse.  - Written by Anonymous (IMDb)
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani=2009-11-05=Prem is an ajab kind of a guy. As life president of happy club, he's always trying to make everybody happy, but somehow it always ends in a disaster! He kidnaps Jenny by mistake!! He think she's beautiful. Love can make you do the strangest things and if Prem is ajab, his love is ghazab too! He falls for her and turns over a new leave. Now he is working harder than ever to keep her happy!!
Tamam Mıyız?=2013-11-29=Temmuz is an openly gay sculptor living at a flat with his dog in Istanbul. He lives a bohemian lifestyle and has a happy go lucky, carefree, eccentric (such as believing in good luck charms) character, frequently distracting him from his work as a children's book illustrator, and eventually leading him to be abandoned by his boyfriend via e-mail. He is given solace and affection by her wealthy mother, who is fully supportive of him, and best friend and co-worker, Beste. In the meantime, he keeps seeing a young man in his dreams, who repeatedly calls him for help and rescue. One day he runs into this guy while getting on the bus, who is accompanied by his mother, and helps them get into their home as the young man was born without limbs. From then on, two lives would collide into each other, starting a brotherhood full of discoveries and mutual help.
KidPoker=2015-12-01=Follow the winding career and personal life of professional poker phenom Daniel Negreanu, who rose from humble roots to become the game's top ace.
Preparati la bara!=1968-01-27="A mysterious gunfighter named Django is employed by a local crooked political boss as a hangman to execute innocent locals framed by the boss, who wants their land. What the boss doesn't know is that Django isn't hanging the men at all, just making it look like he is, and using the men he saves from the gallows to build up his own ""gang"" in order to take revenge on the boss, who, with Django's former best friend, caused the death of his wife years before."
Careful=1992-09-30=In the remote Alpine village of Tolzbad at the turn of the century, people talk quietly and restrain their movements lest avalanches come and kill them. This atmosphere lends itself to repressed emotions - shown through the parallel stories of butler student Johann lusting after his mother (an old flame of the mysterious Count Knotkers) and Klara's attraction to her father (who lusts after his other daughter), leading to duels and suicidal plunges galore. All this is shot in the style of an early German sound film, complete with intertitles, deliberately crackly soundtrack and 'hand-tinted' colour effects.
The Conjuring 2=2016-05-13=Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by malicious spirits.
Ishqiya=2010-01-29=While on the run from goons, a man and his nephew fall for a kidnapper's seductive widow.
Ed and His Dead Mother=1993-06-04=A mourning son makes a deal to reanimate his one year dead mother, however things turn into an unexpected direction.
Before You Say 'I Do'=2009-02-14=George Murray's fiancée Jane Gardner gets cold feet after accepting his ring, terrorized by her first wedding with Doug, who cheated that very day with their wedding coordinator. After a car crash, George finds himself 10 years in the past, just days before Doug's day.
Broadway Bill=1934-11-30=Tycoon J.L. Higgins controls his whole family, but one of his sons- in-law, Dan Brooks and his daughter Alice are fed up with that. Brooks quits his job as manager of J.L.'s paper box factory and devotes his life to his racing horse Broadway Bill, but his bank- roll is thin and the luck is against him, he is arrested because of $150 he owes somebody for horse food, but suddenly a planed fraud by somebody else seems to offer him a chance...
Once I Was a Beehive=2015-08-14=Comedy - Lane Speer is a 16 year old girl who spends her family vacations camping in the mountains. She takes the memories for granted until she loses her father to an unexpected bout with cancer. Only a year later, as Lane is still reeling from her father's death, he mother remarries a guy that Lane hardly knows. Worst of all, he is a Mormon. To top it off, while they are on their honeymoon, they arrange to have her stay with her Mormon step-aunt who takes her away to a bible-themed girls camp with a bunch of young Mormon girls. Confronted with memories of camping with her family, she tries to find peace with her new surroundings and deal with the death of her father. -  Paris Warner, Lisa Clark, Hailey Smith
Kick-Ass 2=2013-07-17=After Kick-Ass’ insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist — reborn as The Mother Fucker — only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation.
The Hunting Ground=2015-02-27=From the makers of The Invisible War comes a startling expose of rape crimes on US campuses, their institutional cover-ups, and the devastating toll they take on students and their families. Weaving together verite footage and first person testimonies, the film follows the lives of several undergraduate assault survivors as they attempt to pursue - despite incredible push back, harassment and traumatic aftermath - both their education and justice.
The Fine Art of Love: Mine Ha-Ha=2005-11-25=A group of young girls are brought up in a college within dark forests and gloomy lakes. Young Hidalla and her friends Irene, Vera, Blanka, Melusine and Rain are brought up in an isolated world: the girls don't know anything about live outside the college's high walls. At the age of 16, some of them start asking questions about their origins, their parents and the true purposes of the Headmistresses strict rules. When two of them disappear mysteriously, the initial fairytale atmosphere grows more and more eerie...
Manny & Lo=1996-01-22=A pregnant teen and her younger sister run away from foster homes and kidnap a woman whom they believe can help with the pregnancy.
La noche que mi madre mató a mi padre=2016-04-23=Isabel is an actress recent in her 40 years old, unable to get new roles for movies or theaters, since then directors looking for younger women. She is married with the neurotic Ángel, a screenwriter who is working in his next cinema project with Susana, his producer and ex wife. After Isabel, Ángel, Susana and Carlos, Isabel's first husband, send away to them respective child to a school excursion, Isabel accepts to organize in her house a business dinner for Diego, an important Argentinian actor to negotiate his participation in the movie. During the dinner Carlos appears suddenly with a young girl called Álex, announcing their next wedding and moving to Brasil. But when a little time later Carlos dies unexpectedly, Ángel and Susana suspects of the guilty of Isabel, starting a series of events more maddened each time, along a long night where surprises seems not having end...
Pompeii: The Mystery of the People Frozen in Time=2013-03-27=In a one off landmark drama documentary for BBC One, Dr Margaret Mountford presents Pompeii: The Mystery Of The People Frozen In Time.
The Jacket=2005-03-04=A military veteran goes on a journey into the future, where he can foresee his death and is left with questions that could save his life and those he loves.
The Incredible Jessica James=2017-01-27=Burned by a bad breakup, a struggling New York City playwright makes an unlikely connection with a divorced app designer she meets on a blind date.
River Queen=2005-09-12=An intimate story set during the 1860s in which a young Irish woman Sarah and her family find themselves on both sides of the turbulent wars between British and Maori during the British colonization of New Zealand.
Into Great Silence=2005-09-04=Into Great Silence (German: Die Große Stille) is a documentary film directed by Philip Gröning that was first released in 2005. It is an intimate portrayal of the everyday lives of Carthusian monks of the Grande Chartreuse, high in the French Alps (Chartreuse Mountains). The idea for the film was proposed to the monks in 1984, but the Carthusians said they wanted time to think about it. The Carthusians finally contacted Gröning 16 years later to say they were now willing to permit Gröning to shoot the movie, if he was still interested.
This Time Around=2003-06-22=We all wish we could change the past. For Mel that day has come. In junior high, Mel and Gabby (Sara Rue) were the biggest geeks. Of course, Mel had a crush on the most popular guy, Drew Hesler (Brian A. Green). When word spreads of Mel’s crush, he plays a cruel joke on her pretending to be interested, only to turn her down in front of the entire school. Eleven years later, our ugly ducklings are now swans and Mel is a PR executive. When Mel is assigned to handle the publicity for a new restaurant, she is shocked to discover that the owner is a handsome young entrepreneur named Drew Hesler.
Sword of Gideon=1986-09-01=Chronicles a Mossad team hand picked to hunt down the terrorists involved in the 1972 Munich Olympic massacre of Israeli athletes.
Spin=2007-01-26=Six young people spend the morning after a wild club spree trying to piece together their misadventures from the night before, including a trip to the veterinarian hospital, at least one breakup and the unexpected discovery of a mobster's corpse. As the group shares their fragmented memories, some of their stories start to fit together while others just lead to more questions.
Viva Knievel!=1977-06-10=The legendary stuntman plans his most incredible stunt yet while battling the mob in this action-adventure.
Ghajini=2005-10-14=The film's story is around a rich business entrepreneur falling in love with an ad film actress. The entrepreneur and the actress fall in love, though she does not know that he is an entrepreneur. When she successfully saves a bunch of children who were in danger, she is brutally murdered by a gang leader and the entrepreneur himself gets hit hard on the head when he tries to save his lover, eventually leading him into a state of short term memory loss. He is later studied about and helped by a psychology student to take revenge on the one who murdered his lover.
Queen of Carthage=2015-09-01=An American Drifter discovers a New Zealand Singer and develops and obsession for him.
That Girl in Yellow Boots=2010-09-27=A British woman faces challenges while attempting to locate her father in India
Les misérables=1995-03-22=In France during World War II, a poor and illiterate man, Henri Fortin (Jean-Paul Belmondo), is introduced to Victor Hugo's classic novel Les Misérables and begins to see parallels between the book and his own life.
Paradise Found=2003-01-01=Paradise Found is a biography about the painter Paul Gauguin. Focusing on his personal conflict between citizen life and his family life and the art scene in Frane. In an incredible imagery montage Gauguin manages to make a successful living in the South Pacific, while being in opposition to France.
The King of Kong=2007-08-17=In this hilarious arcade showdown, a humble novice goes head-to-head against the reigning Donkey Kong champ in a confrontation that rocks the gaming world to its processors! For over 20 years, Billy Mitchell has owned the throne of the Donkey Kong world. No one could beat his top score until now. Newcomer Steve Wiebe claims to have beaten the unbeatable, but Mitchell isn't ready to relinquish his crown without a fight. Go behind the barrels as the two battle it out in a vicious war to earn the title of the true King of Kong.
Action Jackson=1988-02-12=Vengence drives a tough Detroit cop to stay on the trail of a power hungry auto magnate who's systematically eliminating his competition.
Thumb Tripping=1972-10-01=Gary and Shay are two happy-go-lucky flower children who hitchhike in the beautiful Big Sur-Monterey area of California.
Монолог=1972-01-01=Professor Sretenski is a scientist and director of a research center in Russia. He is separated from his wife and lives alone. His daughter, who lives with the mother, comes to his home and stays with him for a period, leaving her daughter with him. He raises his granddaughter, feeling a great affection for her.
Brother=2000-09-09=A Japanese Yakuza gangster’s deadly existence in his homeland gets him exiled to Los Angeles, California, where he is taken in by his little brother and his brother’s gang. This is the first English film by Takeshi Kitano.
劇場版ポケットモンスター セレビィ 時を越えた遭遇（であい）=2001-07-06=All your favorite Pokémon characters are back, and are joined for the first time by the legendary Pokémon Celebi and Suicune, in this latest exciting Pokémon adventure! In order to escape a greedy Pokémon hunter, Celebi must use the last of its energy to travel through time to the present day. Celebi brings along Sammy, a boy who had been trying to protect it. Along with Ash, Pikachu, and the rest of the gang, Sammy and Celebi encounter an enemy far more advanced than the hunter left behind in the past. This new enemy possesses a Pokéball called a “Dark Ball,” which transforms the Pokémon it captures into evil and far stronger creatures. When Celebi is captured, the fate of the entire forest is threatened. Let POKÉMON 4EVER transport you to a world of adventure as Ash, Suicune and the rest take action to save the day!
Mr. & Mrs. Smith=1941-01-30=Ann (Carole Lombard) and David Smith (Robert Montgomery) are a happily married couple living in New York. One morning, Ann asks David if he had to do it over again, would he marry her? To her shock, he answers he wouldn't. Later that day, they both separately find out that, due to a complication when they married three years ago, they are in fact not legally married. Ann does not mention this to David, and thinks he will remarry her that very night after he takes her out to a romantic dinner. When this does not happen, she angrily kicks David out of their home.
Eddie Griffin: You Can Tell 'Em I Said It=2011-02-19=Eddie Griffin proves once more that he’s one of the world’s premiere comedic talents in his brand-new stand-up special You Can Tell ‘Em I Said It. Eddie unapologetically rips into everything from racial stereotypes to Viagra to the First Lady and will leave you gasping for air as he buzzes around the stage and literally climbs the walls. This uncut, uncensored stand-up special live from Oakland, California will keep you laughing long after he exits the stage and coming back to watch it again and again.
The Quatermass Xperiment=1955-08-26=Professor Bernard Quatermass is in charge of a rocket mission that has gone awry. They lose contact with the spaceship and have no idea how far into space it may have traveled. When the rocket crash lands they find that only one of the three occupants, Victor Carroon, is on board; the others have simply vanished. Slowly, the surviving astronaut begins to transform into a deadly creature.
Never Back Down 2: The Beatdown=2011-09-13=Four fighters different backgrounds come together to train under an ex MMA rising star and then ultimately have to fight each other and the traitor in heir midst.
Staten Island=2009-02-07=Sully (Ethan Hawke) is desperate to give his unborn son the chance he never had. Jasper (Seymour Cassel) wants to escape the mobsters that have infiltrated his life and business. Parmie Tarzo (Vincent D'Onofrio), a local mob boss, dreams of crushing the competition. All three men live in Staten Island... once their lives intersect, nothing will ever be the same.
The Anatomy of Hate=2009-04-21="Reveals the shared narratives found in individual and collective ideologies of hate, and how we as a species can overcome them. For six years the filmmaker worked with unprecedented access to some of the most venomous ideologies and violent conflicts of our time including the white supremacist movement, Christian Fundamentalism as an anti-gay platform, Muslim extremism, the Palestinian Intifada, Israeli settlers and soldiers, and US Forces in Iraq. By juxtaposing this verite footage with interviews from leading sociological, psychological, and neurological experts, and interspersing stories of redemption told by former ""combatants"", the film weaves a tapestry that reveals both the emotional and biological mechanisms which make all of us susceptible to acts and ideologies of hate, and demonstrates how these very same traits make us equally capable of overcoming them."
Jim: The James Foley Story=2016-01-23=In August, 2014, a video of the public execution of American photojournalist James Foley rippled across the globe. Foley wore an orange jumpsuit as he knelt beside an ISIS militant dressed in black. That image challenged the world to deal with a new face of terror. And it tested one American family.  Seen through the lens of filmmaker Brian Oakes, Foley’s close childhood friend, Jim takes us from small-town New England to the adrenaline-fueled front lines of Libya and Syria, where Foley pushed the limits of danger to report on the plight of civilians impacted by war.
How to Hook Up Your Home Theater=2007-12-21=Goofy tries to set up his new home theater in time for the big game, with disastrous results.
America The Beautiful 2: The Thin Commandments=2011-10-12="Covering issues such as America's unhealthy dieting craze, the use of the outdated and misleading BMI scale and the currently touted ""obesity epidemic,"" Roberts debates the widely believed concepts that you have to be thin to be healthy. During his journey, he discovers the plethora of factors contributing to America's body dissatisfaction, many of which are being promoted by doctors, schools, the government, and even the First Lady of the United States. Roberts questions these industries' promotion of weight loss surgeries, fad diets, disorderly eating, and a nationwide fear of fat that causes panic whenever our Body Mass Index passes the number 25. With one of the most advanced medical systems in the world and alternative health modalities at our disposal, is it possible to be healthy at a variety of sizes and weights?"
Phoebe in Wonderland=2008-02-07=The fantastical tale of a little girl who won't - or can't - follow the rules. Confounded by her clashes with the rule-obsessed world around her, Phoebe seeks enlightenment from her unconventional drama teacher, even as her brilliant but anguished mother looks to Phoebe herself for inspiration.
OPA!=2005-11-13=A modern day treasure hunt for a mystical relic that turns into a love story for all time.
The Sacrament=2013-09-02=A fashion photographer is traveling to meet his sister at Eden Parish. Once there, his friends begin to film interviews with the Eden Parish inhabitants, all of whom speak of the commune in glowing terms. However, they soon discover that there is a sinister edge to the commune that belies the seemingly peaceful setting.
Zombie Killers: Elephant's Graveyard=2015-02-03=A young militia is all that stands between a coming dead horde and their rural town decimated by the fracking industry.
Soylent Green=1973-04-19=In an overpopulated futuristic Earth, a New York police detective finds himself marked for murder by government agents when he gets too close to a bizarre state secret involving the origins of a revolutionary and needed new foodstuff.
Long Weekend=1978-10-14=When a suburban couple go camping for the weekend at a remote beach, they discover that nature isn't in an accommodating mood.
The Lost City=2005-09-03=In Havana, Cuba in the late 1950's, a wealthy family, one of whose sons is a prominent nightclub owner, is caught in the violent transition from the oppressive regime of Batista to the Marxist government of Fidel Castro. Castro's regime ultimately leads the nightclub owner to flee to New York.
Waking Sleeping Beauty=2009-09-05="By the mid-1980s, the fabled animation studios of Walt Disney had fallen on hard times. The artists were polarized between newcomers hungry to innovate and old timers not yet ready to relinquish control. These conditions produced a series of box-office flops and pessimistic forecasts: maybe the best days of animation were over. Maybe the public didn't care. Only a miracle or a magic spell could produce a happy ending. Waking Sleeping Beauty is no fairy tale. It's the true story of how Disney regained its magic with a staggering output of hits - ""Little Mermaid,"" ""Beauty and the Beast ,"" ""Aladdin,"" ""The Lion King,"" and more - over a 10-year period."
The Kings of Summer=2013-01-19=Joe Toy, on the verge of adolescence, finds himself increasingly frustrated by his single father, Frank's attempts to manage his life. Declaring his freedom once and for all, he escapes to a clearing in the woods with his best friend, Patrick, and a strange kid named Biaggio. He announces that they are going to build a house there, free from responsibility and parents. Once their makeshift abode is finished, the three young men find themselves masters of their own destiny, alone in the woods.
El Callejón de los Milagros=1995-05-05=Heated tempers, frustrated desires and dashed hopes plague a diverse group of individuals whose lives cross paths in Mexico City. There is the bar-owner's son, Chava, who yearns to emigrate to America. A poor barber, Abel, is madly in love with the gorgeous Alma, who eventually becomes a high-class prostitute. Finally, there is Susanita, the desperate spinster who pursues many love affairs in hopes of finding a husband.
Hit by Lightning=2014-10-31="When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old aspiring writer and manager of Debbie's (think Denny's) and probably the last person you'd notice in a crowd is 'hit by lightning' and meets the love of his life, the beautiful Danita on E-Happily.com, he is catapulted into a relationship online but it's a lot more than what he bargained for - this includes being asked to kill! Hounded by his best friend Seth who thinks no ""10"" would even go out with a guy like Ricky unless she had ulterior motives (or needed glasses), Ricky starts to get skeptical himself. Turns out, Danita confesses she's actually married to a handsome affable crime novelist and former Rabbi, Ben Jacobs. Is Danita telling Ricky the truth when she says wants to leave her husband but fears for her life if she does? Will Ricky go through with the plan to kill him so he and Danita can live happily ever after?"
9.79*=2012-10-09=A look into the 100-meter final at the 1988 Seoul games.
La città delle donne=1980-03-28=A businessman finds himself trapped at a hotel and threatened by women en masse.
Strangeland=1998-10-02=A pierced and tattooed sadist, Captain Howdy, trolls the Internet for naive teens, luring them to his home to torture and defile them. When Howdy kidnaps and tortures the daughter of police Detective Mike Gage, he is caught. Deemed insane, he is sent to an asylum but is released soon after, seemingly better. However, Gage knows it is only a matter of time before Howdy strikes again, and he's ready to unleash his own form of retribution when the time comes.
American Psycho 2: All American Girl=2002-04-22=Rachel is a criminology student hoping to land a position as a teacher's assistant for professor Robert Starkman. She's sure this position will pave the way to an FBI career, and she's willing to do anything to obtain it -- including killing her classmates. The school psychiatrist, Dr. Daniels, becomes aware that Rachel is insane, but Rachel is skilled at her dangerous game of death and identity theft.
The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3=2009-06-11=Armed men hijack a New York City subway train, holding the passengers hostage in return for a ransom, and turning an ordinary day's work for dispatcher Walter Garber into a face-off with the mastermind behind the crime.
Malice@Doll=2004-10-29=Robot prostitute Malice@Doll roams a deserted city unsuccessfully looking for johns after the human race is obliterated in this adult anime tale. With no people left, the android serving class has a meaningless existence. But after a horrific tentacled beast rapes Malice@Doll, she inexplicably turns human. With a renewed purpose in life, she tries to share the gift of humanity with others of her kind.
Thank You, Mr. Moto=1937-12-24=Mr. Moto Heads to China on a quest for seven ancient scrolls that reveal the location of Genghis Khan's tomb—a crypt filled with fabulous treasure! But Moto isn't the only one stalking the scrolls—so is a shadowy band of thieves. But when his ruthless rivals go too far, the mild-mannered detective's quest for antiquities becomes a passion for vengeance—because if he can't bring these villains to justice... he'll bring them to their knees.
오로라 공주=2005-01-01="A woman gets killed in a department store. No one imagines this could lead to serial murders, but two days after the first murder, another homicide occurs. A woman is suffocated to death and the only evidence left at the crime scene is a sticker of the cartoon character ""Princess Aurora"". A veteran detective OH suspects an attractive and lively woman named JUNG Soon-jung as the murderer. However, he does not tell anyone -not even his partner- that Jung also happens to be his ex-wife. Again and again, the Princess Aurora sticker is found... each with a dead body."
Manhunt: The Inside Story of the Hunt for Bin Laden=2013-01-20=An espionage tale from inside the CIA's long conflict against Al Qaeda, as revealed by the remarkable women and men whose secret war against Osama bin Laden started nearly a decade before most of us even knew his name.
Catch That Kid=2004-02-06=Athletic 12-year-old Maddy (Kristen Stewart) shares an enthusiasm for mountain climbing with her father, Tom (Sam Robards). Unfortunately, Tom suffers a spinal injury while scaling Mount Everest, and his family is unable to afford the surgery that can save him. Maddy decides to get the money for her father's operation by robbing a high-security bank. She relies on her climbing skills and help from her geeky friends (Max Thieriot, Corbin Bleu) to pull it off successfully.
Tinseltown=1997-01-01=In Hollywood it's all about who you know, and the only person two friends know is a serial killer.
Down in the Delta=1998-12-25=Rosa Lynn sends her druggie daughter Loretta and her children Thomas and Tracy away from the big city to live with their uncle Earl in the ancestral home in rural Mississippi. Earl puts Loretta to work in his restaurant, Just Chicken, while also telling them about the generations of their family, the Sinclairs, dating back to their time in slavery before the the Civil War.
Der Nachtmahr=2015-07-01=It's summer. One endless, sexy party under the open sky. Tina and her friends are living the dream of a whole generation of decadent Berlin-party-kids. But after one excessive night she's haunted by a mysterious ugly creature in nightmares she has. The only person she talks about her fears to is her psychologist. His advice is to confront her fears and to reach out to the creature. At first Tina refuses but after she hears about her parents' plans to put her in a mental hospital she starts talking to the creature.  She slowly realizes that the creature is an incarnation of her fears and that it has the same feelings she does. Afraid of being called a freak she starts hiding the creature in her room. After a while she even gets close to it. It's almost like a relationship with a wild stray animal. For the first time in her life, it almost seems as if Tina has the courage to be herself. But then her parents and her friends see the creature…
Last Run=2001-07-01=Frank Banner used to specialize in helping Soviet spies defect safely to the West. Banner's wife was shot to death aiding such an escape. Now, with the Cold War over, Banner is called upon to safely escort an ex-K.G.B. man who is wanted dead by both the CIA and the Russian Mafia
Den tredje vågen=2003-10-15=Johan Falk hasn't been working for over a year since he resigned from the police. Most of all he wants to move out to the countryside, but fate has a different thought.
Lamma shoftak=2014-06-06=Jordan, 1967: displaced to a refugee camp after the occupation of their West Bank village, an eleven-year old boy and his mother enact the emancipating dream that every refugee has imagined countless times, in Annemarie Jacir's passionate and moving follow-up to her prize-winning debut Salt of This Sea. (TIFF)
Long Pants=1927-03-26="Harry Shelby has been kept in knee pants for years by his overprotective parents, but the day finally comes when Harry is given his first pair of long pants. Almost immediately, he is expected to marry his childhood sweetheart Priscilla... but instead, Harry's first heady whiff of manhood has got him panting after Bebe, a ""fast"" woman from the big city. Mistakenly thinking that Bebe fancies him too, Harry risks everything to help her out when she lands in jail, only to end up in hot water himself. Through it all, sweet Priscilla waits for her man to come to his senses."
Web Junkie=2014-01-20="China is the first country in the world to classify Internet addiction as a clinical disorder. Caught in the Net features a Beijing treatment center where Chinese teenagers are being ""deprogrammed,"" and follows the story of three boys from the day they arrive at the center, to their three-month treatment period, and their long awaited return home. The film provides a microcosm of modern Chinese life and investigates one of the symptoms of the Internet age. It examines inter-generational pressures and the disregard of the human rights of minors who get caught in the net."
Valentino=1977-09-07=In 1926 the tragic and untimely death of a silent screen actor caused female moviegoers to riot in the streets and in some cases to commit suicide...
Throw Momma from the Train=1987-12-11=Larry Donner is a author and writing professor who tutors people who want to write books. Larry's life has become a misery when his Ex-wife has published a book he wrote under her name and has gotten rich over it. Owen Lift, one of Larry's students offers Larry to kill Larry's Ex-wife and in return Owen wants Larry to kill his horrible mother. Larry thinks it is a joke, until he learns Owen killed his Ex-wife and he has become the prime suspect.
Senekos Diena=2016-08-26=Seneca’s Day is set in the year 1989, the final period of the Soviet era in Lithuania. Eighteen-year old buddies establish the Seneca’s Fellowship with the motto “Live each day as if it was your last”. A love triangle breaks up the fellowship right at the time the nation experiences an exceptional sense of community via Baltic Chain.Twenty-five years later, the main character who at first glance appears to be accompanied by good luck, is disillusioned with himself. He has betrayed the ideals of his youth and become a cold observer of life.
Trzecia czesc nocy=1971-12-17=Set during the Nazi occupation of Poland, in which Michal witnesses the murder of his mother, wife and child. He is hurled into a life that literally is not his own; a surreal world littered with trapdoors, doppelgängers and wormholes. It also tells the true untold story of a Nazi vaccine laboratory where Jews and members of the resistance were “employed” as feeders for parasites infected with typhus.
Lieksa!=2007-09-14=Martta and Otto are a pair of traveling tailors who claim to be bastard descendents of the Romanovs and wander from town to town in Finland seeking work, accompanied by their two half-witted adult sons, Hippo , Repe and equally silly son-in-law Ventti. The family occasionally turns to crime when they can't quite make ends meet, and the boys begin turning to violence with greater frequency when Otto weakens and Martta becomes the head of the family business. Their fortunes take an unexpected turn when the brothers assault and abduct a man they call Kaspar, who becomes the family's sidekick in their travels. Despite Kaspar's inability to speak, he attracts Martha's youngest daughter, an attractive young woman named Lara, but the family is in disarray when a long-lost half-brother, Laszlo, suddenly re-emerges and tries to wrest control of the clan away from his mother.
Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde=1953-08-01=Abbott &amp; Costello are two bumbling (naturally) American cops, on exchange in London, hunting for Mr. Hyde, the monster that has been terrorizing the city.
Committed=2014-04-06=An accidental meeting between a man being pressured to propose to his girlfriend and a runaway bride.
Division III: Football's Finest=2011-10-14=This ensemble comedy follows the Pullham University Bluecocks, a small liberal arts college with a Division III football program (the lowest division in the NCAA). When the head coach unexpectedly dies, the future of the flailing football program is in jeopardy, as they have not had a winning season in decades. In a desperate attempt to create some media attention for the athletic program and the university, President Georgia Anne Whistler hires known lunatic and felon, Coach Rick Vice, for what could be the football programs final season.
Slimtime=2010-10-01=While his wife is undergoing slimming treatment, Andre goes on a discovery tour of this very unusual center.
Breaking the Rules=1992-10-09=Two friends take their dying buddy on one last road trip.
Влюблен по собственному желанию=1982-11-01="Two people: Igor, an ex-athlete aimlessly living and chasing rubles to get drunk and Vera, an ugly duck librarian, try to find their luck by planning to fall in love with each other based on ""psychological conditioning""."
Basquiat=1996-08-09=Director Julian Schnabel illustrates the portrait of his friend, the first African-American Pop artist Jean-Michel Basquiat who unfortunately died at a young age and just as he was beginning to make a name for himself in the art world. Alongside the biography of Basquiat are the artists and the art scene from early 1980’s New York.
Under the Boardwalk=1989-04-14=It is the final weekend of summer and a group of Californian teenagers are looking forward to an upcoming surf contest. Rival gangs the 'Vals' and the 'Lowks' are confident that they will take home the trophy, but things become complicated when Reef Yorpin - leader of the Lawks - discovers his sister Allie has fallen in love with 'Val' surfer Nick after meeting at a beach party.
教科書にないッ！=1998-04-21=Tairaku is a teacher at a local high school. He has a crush on Ms. Satsuki, a fellow teacher whom he hopes to someday marry. Then he meets Aya Shirakaba, upon whom he makes such a favorable impression that she transfers into his class. Unfortunately, Aya's father is a very wealthy and powerful yakuza boss, who charges Tairaku with keeping his daughter safe and pure-or else. Add to that the hordes of men and woman at school who'd love to get their hands on Aya's body, and that Aya has secretly moved in with Tairaku, and constantly makes passes at him, and Tairaku is now in world of trouble.
Dopo quella notte=2010-07-09=Francesco and Elena, Roberto and Flavia, Thomas and Virginia, make up a fixed and tight-knit company for three years now, they are all living in Rome and come from good families. Elena and Francesco are two twenty-five and to be married, Roberto and Flavia are twenty years and in love with the impetus of youth; Tommaso and Virginia are two singles that have in common the fact that they feel out of lace in the world. The union of these characters will be shocked by the death of Francesco as a result of a car accident, the loss of his friend upset the lives of everyone.
Choose Me=1984-08-29=Several lost-soul night-owls, including a nightclub owner, a talkback radio relationships counseller, and an itinerant stranger have encounters that expose their contradictions and anxieties about love and acceptance.
The Devil to Pay!=1930-12-20=Spendthrift Willie Hale again returns penniless to the family home in London. His father is none too pleased, but Willie smooth-talks him into letting him stay. At the same time he turns the charm on Dorothy Hope, whose father is big in linoleum and who, before Willie's arrival, was about to become engaged to a Russian aristocrat.
Garoojigi=2008-04-30=Hidden in the ancient Korean folklore lies a tragic character with a massive inferiority complex. Byun’s problem stems from his seriously impaired libido, and to make matter worse, the entire village knows about it. But as fate would have it, he chance encounters a monk from the mountain and gains the ultimate male power of never-ending erection and arousal. Around this time all men are grouped and sent off to war and only Byun remains to satisfy the women of the village who are only happy to line up outside Byun’s home and quench their sexual desires and fantasies!
Lost Souls=2000-10-13=A small group of Catholics led by an ailing priest believe that Satan intends to become man, just as God did in the person of Jesus. The writings of a possessed mental patient lead them to Peter Kelson, a writer who studies serial killers. They think it's his body Satan will occupy. The youngest in the group, a teacher named Maya Larkin, goes to Peter to investigate further and to convince him to believe in the possibility of Evil incarnate. Other signs come to him as he and Maya them take a journey full of strange occurrences, self-discovery, and an ultimate showdown
Bone Tomahawk=2015-10-23=During a shootout in a saloon, Sheriff Hunt injures a suspicious stranger. One of the villagers takes care of him in prison. One day they both disappear – only the spear of a cannibal tribe is found. Hunt and a few of his men go in search of the prisoner and his nurse.
Angels Sing=2013-10-19=As a child, Michael Walker wished every day could be Christmas. That is, until a tragic accident crushed his holiday spirit. Thirty years later, Michael still can't muster any joy for the holidays, despite encouragement from his playful wife and well-intentioned parents. But when his young son faces a tragedy, Michael needs to make amends with his past. A mysterious man named Nick gives Michael a gift and instills in him the courage to find the joy that he lost.
The Merry Gentleman=2008-04-16=A woman who leaves an abusive relationship to begin a new life in a new city, where she forms an unlikely and ironic relationship with a suicidal hit man (unbeknownst to her). Enter a worn, alcoholic detective to form the third party in a very unusual triangle as this story begins to unfold.
The Girl King=2015-12-11=A portrait of the brilliant, extravagant Kristina of Sweden, queen from age six, who fights the conservative forces that are against her ideas to modernize Sweden and who have no tolerance for her awakening sexuality.
Gangsters, Guns and Zombies=2012-06-30="The whole ""zombie thing"" has been hyped up so much that everyone thinks it's the end of the world! Of course, where one man sees the dead rising from the grave, another sees opportunity. Q had a plan: drive the robbery getaway van, deliver everyone to the safe house and get paid - a nice, simple, plan. Unfortunately, life is never really that simple, and to top it all off, this is the first time Q has been a getaway driver. He's coping pretty well though, considering; TONY (the guy who is 'in charge' of the job) is a murderous nut case, DANNY was shot and is now bleeding all over the money in the back of the van, the Sat-Nav has a mind of its own, there's a guy in the back living up to his name ""CRAZY STEVE"", the safe-house already has police at it, and this whole ""zombie thing"" seems to be quickly becoming more of a ""zombie apocalypse thing""..."
Человек уходит за птицами=1976-12-01=Man Follows Birds is a coming-of-age story of a young Uzbek poet surrounded by violence.  Farouk is fascinated by trees and Khamraev films him with a lot of melancholy and tenderness. Cast apart because he’s poor and his father’s drunk, Farouk is not happy in his village. When his father dies, he decides to go in the mountains with his best friends.  Looking for nature at its purest, the two teenage boys have to deal with the cruelty of violent barbarians. Their trip will also make them meet a lost orphan girl and a wise beggar.
Родные=2016-07-05=Vitaly Mansky’s intimate and insightful new documentary finds him crisscrossing the Ukraine in the wake of the Maidan uprising, which has left his relatives scattered on both sides of a highly charged and dizzyingly complex political situation.
The Misadventures of Margaret=1998-12-23=A timid, insecure popular author with an overly-attentive professor husband decide to write an erotic novel. With encouragement from her sister and a bi-sexual friend, she goes to France with the intent of doing research at an inn where a diary she had been using documented erotic encounters. Instead she finds the inn is now a cloister for singing nuns. However, a young, divorced sound engineer is also there taping the nuns. While attracted, she mostly succumbs only to new fantasies until he follows her home to New York.
The Starving Games=2013-11-07=A spoof movie that references The Hunger Games, The Avengers, Sherlock Holmes, and the Harry Potter saga.
Vipère au poing=2004-10-06=1920. Jean Rezeau and his elder brother were living happily in their family estate in Brittany, until the death of their grandmother. The return of their mother, a worthy descendant of fairytales' witches, brings an all new atmosphere to their home.
Hunger=2009-05-12=Five strangers face the unthinkable when they wake up and find themselves trapped. With no idea how they got there they frantically try to figure out how to escape. The disoriented group quickly realise the truth about their situation when they discover another room containing enough water to survive for 30 days… and a razor sharp surgical knife. The intention becomes quite clear. Whoever put them in this place wants to see just how long it will take before the hunger makes them commit unspeakable acts and cross a very deadly line.
Fast Food Fast Women=2000-05-15="How important is the truth when falling in love? Bella is a Manhattan café waitress, about to turn 35, stuck in a long-term affair going nowhere. Paul is a widower, facing old age alone. Bella's mother sets her up with Bruno, a novelist/cabbie who likes to bed-hop and whose ex-wife expects their two children to stay with him for awhile. While Bruno learns some maturity from his young daughter, Paul answers a personals ad placed by a ""widow, 60."" The two couples - along with one of Paul's older pals and a Jungian stripper - sort out how to initiate a relationship these days, what to do when someone you like disappoints you, and when to tell the truth."
Defying Gravity=1997-07-09=John Keitel wrote the film based on his personal undergraduate experience and filmed campus footage in the neighborhood and environs surrounding his graduate film school alma mater USC.
Robot Jox=1989-10-01=50 years after a nuclear war, the two superpowers handle territorial disputes in a different way. Each fields a giant robot to fight one-on-one battles in official matches, each piloted by a man inside, known as robot jockeys or jox. The contest for possession of Alaska will be fought by two of the best. The conscientious Achilles fights for the Americans. Opposing him is a Russian, Alexander.
Camp Hell=2010-08-13=At the end of every summer, the children of a Christian community from a suburb of New Jersey attend Camp Hope. They travel deep into the woods far from any distractions the world provides. Here, the children are taught the ways of the Lord, the perils of the flesh, and the horror of the Devil. A charismatic priest leads them in their training. But, he unknowingly has brought something with him, something evil. What was supposed to be a safe place, a spiritual retreat has now turned into a nightmare that not even faith can end.
¡Vampiros en La Habana!=1985-07-30=Scientists Werner Amadeus, son of Count Dracula, develops an anti-sun formula for vampires.  He moves to Cuba with his nephew Joseph Emanuel.  Joseph grows up drinking the formula and forgets his origin, becoming Pepe, a trumpet player mixed up with revolutionaries in 1933 Havana.  Soon he will be in the centre of a dispute for his uncle's formula between vampire factions from the USA: the Capa Nostra Society and from Europe: the Vampiro Group.
Сказка о царе Салтане=1984-01-01=Tale - this is what is everyone from childhood. Give yourself a chance to once again return to the magical world created by Alexander Pushkin.  Adventures brave Tsarevich Guidon, beautiful Swan-Tsar Saltan reminded of that love, loyalty and the spirit always wins!
Bride Flight=2008-10-15=The story of the women on the KLM flight that won the 1953 Air Race from London to Christchurch, New Zealand.
A Gift of Miracles=2015-02-15=A pragmatic PhD candidate must let go of her logic when she finds a list of items to give away written by the late mother she never knew. With the encouragement of her enthusiastic new mentor, she attempts to return everything on the list and begins to encounter unexplainable coincidences that lead her to understand the world’s smallest marvels have the greatest meaning.
J.J. Cale - To Tulsa And Back (On tour with J.J. Cale)=2006-06-13="For the first time in more than 3 decades, this reclusive artist lets a camera into his life in this amazin opportunity to meet the mysterious man behind the guitar. Ina series of candid interviews, Cale describes his childhood and his wild years in psychedelic California. Cale also shares his insights about his influences, songwriting, success, life on the stage and on the road - all interlaced with outstanding live performances, archival footage, interviews with band members and friends, and awe-inspiring images of American landscapes. Eric Clapton appears in some performance footage. While credited with such hits as ""After Midnight,"" ""Same Old Blues,"" and ""Cocaine,"" Tulsa-pioneer J.J. Cale has never been one to accept the limelight. Hiding from the press, Cale emerges here for the first time in three decades for an extensive documentary filled with music and revealing interview material."
Face/Off=1997-06-27=An antiterrorism agent goes under the knife to acquire the likeness of a terrorist and gather details about a bombing plot. When the terrorist escapes custody, he undergoes surgery to look like the agent so he can get close to the agent's family.
Bury My Heart At Wounded Knee=2007-05-27=Beginning just after the bloody Sioux victory over General Custer at Little Big Horn, the story is told through two unique perspectives: Charles Eastman, a young, white-educated Sioux doctor held up as living proof of the alleged success of assimilation, and Sitting Bull the proud Lakota chief whose tribe won the American Indians’ last major victory at Little Big Horn.
Bass Ackwards=2010-01-23=A man coming off a disastrous affair with a married woman has a lyrical, strange and comedic cross-country journey in a modified VW bus.
Moving Out=1983-03-25=Coming-of-age story about an Italian-Australian teenager making his way in the world.
Cold Deck=2015-12-04=When a poker player hits rock bottom he enlists his best friend to pull off a high-stakes heist.
At Home by Myself... with You=2009-10-06=A multi phobia-plagued single woman who hasn't left her apartment in six years finds her carefully organized existence disrupted by her hot new 'on-the-go' neighbor.
Pride and Glory=2008-09-09=A saga centered on a multi-generational family of New York City Police officers. The family's moral codes are tested when Ray Tierney, investigates a case that reveals an incendiary police corruption scandal involving his own brother-in-law. For Ray, the truth is revelatory, a Pandora's Box that threatens to upend not only the Tierney legacy but the entire NYPD.
Punisher: War Zone=2008-12-05="Waging his one-man war on the world of organized crime, ruthless vigilante-hero Frank Castle sets his sights on overeager mob boss Billy Russoti. After Russoti is left horribly disfigured by Castle, he sets out for vengeance under his new alias: Jigsaw. With the ""Punisher Task Force"" hot on his trail and the FBI unable to take Jigsaw in, Frank must stand up to the formidable army that Jigsaw has recruited before more of his evil deeds go unpunished."
Jitterbugs=1943-06-05="The two-man Laurel and Hardy Zoot Suit Band find themselves fronting a scam for ""gasolene pills"" in wartime oil-short America. They are however soon on the side of the angels helping recover $10,000 for an attractive young lady whose family have themselves been swindled."
Avenging Angel=1985-01-11="Molly, former baby prostitute ""Angel"" from Sunset Boulevard, has managed to leave her street life with help of Lt. Andrews. She studies law at an university and aims to become attorney. When she learns that Andrews was shot during a failed observation by brutal gangsters, she returns downtown to take revenge"
Miranda=1948-04-06=A young married physician discovers a mermaid, and gives into her request to be taken to see London. Comedy and romantic entanglements ensue soon after.
Puncture=2011-09-23=A David and Goliath law drama about a drug-addicted lawyer who takes on a health supply corporation while battling his own personal demons.
Drevo=2014-07-07=A family finds itself in a dead-end situation. They are only safe behind the walls of their own house and yard. As time vanishes from their home, the shelter slowly turns into a prison. However, nothing can keep the children from dreaming and yearning to be free and the urge to make a decision seems inevitable.
The Rise=2012-09-09=A young man recently released from prison recruits his three best friends to rob the local drug kingpin who is responsible for his incarceration.
Age of Ice=2014-12-09=Massive earthquakes open the Arabian tectonic plate, resulting in unstable weather and freezing temperatures that will be unsurvivable by nightfall. Attempting to reach safety, a vacationing family in Egypt must battle the rapidly cooling temperatures that usher in a new Ice Age, covering the Sphinx, Pyramids, and Sahara Desert with mountains of snow.
The Stranglers of Bombay=1959-12-04=India 1826. The cult of Thugee was sweeping the sub-continent. Worshippers of the goddess Kali demonstrated their devotion by the mutilation and mass murder of thousands of victims. This wave of religious fervour challenges the stability of the Raj and threatens anarchy and chaos but can the cool pragmatism of the British compete against the power of this extreme and zealous passion?
Guest of Cindy Sherman=2008-04-08=Videographer Paul H-O must confront issues of ego and identity when he begins a relationship with the reclusive Cindy Sherman. With unprecedented access, the documentary places us in the company of the artist and offers a critique of the ever-inflated New York art market and the culture of celebrity. Written by Anonymous
Mennesker i solen=2011-03-04=All in all a traditional summer comedy, except for the fact that it's the end of the world. It's Midsummer Eve, and the sun blazes from a cloudless sky. At the camping ground, vacation season has started. Buses arrive to transport the guests to the great Midsummer party some distance from the camping ground. However, two couples decide to stay behind and enjoy the tranquility and they decide to celebrate Midsummer Eve together. They have not celebrated long before extraordinary natural phenomena surround them. With Mrs. Sørensen's arrival, the peculiar natural phenomena escalate. But the cabin guests continue partying. As nature steps up its attack, and things actually start resembling Doomsday, they discover that little Simon is missing.
El hombre de las mil caras=2016-09-23=A tale of cheats and impostors, taking its inspiration from true facts and from one of the most intriguing characters of recent decades: the spy Francisco Paesa.
Zuzu Angel=2006-08-04="""Zuzu Angel"" covers the last years of the famous Brazilian fashion designer in her doomed quest for justice in the case of her activist son Stuart's arrest, torture, murder and subsequent corpse disposal by the military forces in early 1970s Rio de Janeiro, during the darkest era of Brazilian military regime and media censorship. Not even the fact that she was a widely known public figure saved her from being killed in a car crash in 1976, in one of the regime's favorite elimination techniques (many other similar ""car crashes"" still have to be re-investigated)."
Hilton!=2013-01-01=A roughly beautiful Hilton! gives the viewer a glimpse of life in a modern society, a life that young persons lead.
Un mundo cuadrado=2012-10-19=A lost village. A rock band. A murder in the woods. The world is about to change.
Shattered=1991-10-11=Dan Merrick comes out from a shattering car accident with amnesia. He finds that he is married to Judith who is trying to help him start his life again. He keeps getting flashbacks about events and places that he can't remember. He meets pet shop owner and part time private detective Gus Klein who is supposedly done some work for him prior to the accident. Klein helps Merrick to find out more...
And While We Were Here=2013-09-13=Trapped in a loveless marriage, a troubled writer experiences a sexual awakening when she meets a carefee American in Italy.
Paradise=1991-09-18=Willard Young is a 10-year-old boy who is sent by his mother to stay with her best friend Lily Reed, who lives in the Delta shrimp-fishing country in a town called Paradise. Lily and her husband Ben have been living in an unmentioned emotional vacuum since the death of their own three year old boy. Willie makes friends with the local 9-year-old tomboy Billie Pike, who teaches him to be comfortable with himself. When Willard gains a handle on his own emotions, he can now help Lily and Ben to connect, overcome grief and rediscover themselves.
The Lost Squadron=1932-03-12=When WW1 comes to an end, three pilots find themselves on hard times but they wind up in Hollywood where they work as stunt fliers for a sadistic director.
Ned Rifle=2014-09-07=Henry and Fay's son Ned sets out to find and kill his father for destroying his mother's life. But his aims are frustrated by the troublesome Susan, whose connection to Henry predates even his arrival in the lives of the Grim family.
Pinocchio's Christmas=1980-12-03=Geppetto prepare for Christmas, Pinocchio joins a puppet show to earn money for a present. There he meets and elopes with the beautiful girl puppet Julietta, leaving Geppetto alone and worried.
李三腳威震地獄門=1977-03-25="Everyone's favorite martial artist """"Bruce"""" winds up fighting for his life and soul in hell against an evil Warlord intent on making him mincemeat - and he has recruited some of the 1970s most iconic B-movie characters to help dispatch the great one. But when that won't do the trick, he uses monsters, mummies and beautiful women to get the little dragon at any cost."
Rafa=2012-05-10=Rafa is a 13 years old kid concerned with his mother, held in a police station for driving without a license.  The director shows a day in the life of a teenager who lives on a problematic area and discovers that her mother was arrested because of an automobile accident.
Curve=2015-08-31=A young woman becomes trapped in her car after a hitchhiker causes her to have an automobile accident.
The Dorm=2014-10-26=The film follows a student, Vivian (Alexis Knapp) who begins college as a shy, self-consciousness freshman but who, after becoming a dorm mate of the popular Sarah (Cassie Steele), begins a complete transformation.
Jigoku=1960-07-30=After a young theology student flees a hit-and-run accident, he is plagued by both his own guilt-ridden conscience and a mysterious, diabolical doppelgänger. But all possible escape routes lead straight to hell—literally!
Why Did I Get Married?=2007-10-12=The film is about the difficulty of maintaining a solid relationship in modern times. Eight married college friends plus one other non-friend (all of whom have achieved middle to upper class economic status) go to Colorado for their annual week-long reunion, but the mood shifts when one couple's infidelity comes to light. Secrets are revealed and each couple begins to question their own marriage
Die Legende von Paul und Paula=1973-03-14=Paul and Paula have had bad experiences with love: Paul is financially well off but has lost all affection for his wife, and Paula leads a troublesome life raising two children on her own. They meet and discover a strong passion for each other. Life seems like a dream when they're together - but their short flights from the burdens of reality are once and again interrupted by Paul's ties to family and career.
When Two Worlds Collide=2016-01-22=In this tense and immersive tour de force, audiences are taken directly into the line of fire between powerful, opposing Peruvian leaders who will stop at nothing to keep their respective goals intact. On the one side is President Alan Garcia, who, eager to enter the world stage, begins aggressively extracting oil, minerals, and gas from untouched indigenous Amazonian land. He is quickly met with fierce opposition from indigenous leader Alberto Pizango, whose impassioned speeches against Garcia’s destructive actions prove a powerful rallying cry to throngs of his supporters. When Garcia continues to ignore their pleas, a tense war of words erupts into deadly violence.
Imputazione di omicidio per uno studente=1972-02-04=Roma.During a clash between demonstrating laborers (whose fight the students have joined) a policeman and a student are both killed. The investigating magistrate - in charge of the case with two commissioners - wants to believe to the version of the police: the student was killed by one of the laborers, while the policeman would have been killed by Massimo Trotti.
我出生了，但——小津安二郎传=1983-10-29=An extremely lovely tribute to Ozu, on the 20th anniversary of his death. It uses a combination of footage from vintage films and new material (both interviews and Ozu-related locations) shot by Ozu's long-time camera-man (who came out of retirement to work on this). Surprisingly (or perhaps not), it focuses less on Ozu's accomplishments as a film-maker than on his impact on the lives of the people he worked with..
Antigang=2015-08-19=A french police unit that try to stop a group of criminals.
この世界の片隅に=2016-11-12=Newlywed Suzu Urano moves to her new life in Kure City on the coast of Hiroshima Prefecture, where she perseveres through World War II with pluck and determination.
Patti Cake$=2017-08-18=Straight out of Jersey comes Patricia Dombrowski, a.k.a. Killa P, a.k.a. Patti Cake$, an aspiring rapper fighting through a world of strip malls and strip clubs on an unlikely quest for glory.
Moonraker=1979-06-26=During the transportation of a Space Shuttle a Boeing 747 crashes in the Atlantic Ocean yet when they go to look for the destroyed shuttle it is not there. James Bond investigates the missing mission space shuttle and soon learns that the shuttles owner Hugo Drax wants to kill all of mankind.
Last Day of Freedom=2015-04-11=When Bill Babbitt realizes his brother Manny has committed a crime he agonizes over his decision to call the police.
On Approval=1944-05-22=Two wealthy Victorian widows are courted tentatively by two impoverished British aristocrats. When one of the dowagers suggests that her beau go away with her for a month to see if they are compatible, the fireworks begin.
Я тоже хочу=2012-09-07=Five passengers - the Bandit, his friend Matvei, Matvei's old father, the Musician, and a young woman - race along an empty road in a big black jeep, searching for the Belfry of Happiness which, according to hearsay, lies somewhere between St. Petersburg and the town of Uglich, near a deserted nuclear power station. The Belfry takes people, but it does not take everyone. Each of the five passengers believes that he or she will be chosen.
Ass Backwards=2013-01-21=Two best friends (Kate and Chloe) embark on a cross country trip back to their hometown to attempt to win a pageant that eluded them as children.
Guns=1990-11-09=A South American gunrunner uses an island in Hawaii as his base of operations. A squad of beautiful government agents is sent to put him out of business.
The Gift=2014-07-26=A department store gift wrapper is a lonely spectator at the centre of the festive season until a stage magician makes a surprising request.
The Amorous Prawn=1962-11-26=While her husband, the General is abroad, Lady Fitzadam decides to convert their army residence into a fishing resort for rich American tourists in order to raise money for their dream retirement cottage.
OceanWorld 3D=2009-01-01=A 3-D documentary chronicling a sea turtle's journey across the oceans.
Le gendarme et les gendarmettes=1982-10-03=Cruchot's police office moves into a new building. They do not only get high tech equipment, but also four young female police officers to educate. All of them scramble to work with them -- and cause pure chaos while being distracted by the fine ladies. Then they get into real trouble when one after the other of their female colleagues is kidnapped.
Sophiiiie!=2003-02-28=The film starts in the early evening of a normal day: Sophie, a 20 year old girl, is pregnant and wanders through the night to get sure about her future life. Does she want to be a mother or do an abortion? Does she love her friend or not? Who is the father of her unborn baby? Trying to figure out what to do Sophie encounters many people, and in the morning she has come to a decision. But this is not the movie's end...
キャタピラー=2010-08-14=During the Second Sino-Japanese War, in 1940, Lieutenant Kurokawa returns home as a honored and decorated soldier but deprived of his arms and legs lost in battle. All hopes, from the villagers and women to close family members, turn to Shigeko, the Lieutenant's wife. She must honor the Emperor and the country in setting an example for all by fulfilling her duty and taking care of the 'god soldier'. Kurokawa prior to leaving to fight in the war regularly beat and berated his wife for her barrenness and inability to bring him a son. When he returns home as an amputee with no hearing and no speech, his wife dutifully attends to him, even though he shows little appreciation for her dedicated care. His main concerns are getting fed and getting sex. Even in his own degraded condition, he manages to berate his wife. Eventually, though, his own memories infiltrate and he is haunted by his horrible, sadistic deeds, performed while in the duty of the Japanese military.
Semi-Tough=1977-11-18=A three-way friendship between two free-spirited professional football players and the owner's daughter becomes compromised when two of them become romantically involved.
Cape Fear=1991-11-15=Sam Bowden is a small-town corporate attorney. Max Cady is a tattooed, cigar-smoking, bible-quoting, psychotic rapist. What do they have in common? Fourteen years ago, Sam was a public defender assigned to Max Cady's rape trial, and he made a serious error: he hid a document from his illiterate client that could have gotten him acquitted. Now, the cagey, bibliophile Cady has been released, and he intends to teach Sam Bowden and his family a thing or two about loss.
الارض=1969-01-01=Adapted from Abdel Rahman Al-Sharqawi's well-known novel of the same name, this classic film  by Egyptian master Youssef Chahine was eight years in the making. Chronicling a small peasant village's struggles against the careless inroads of the large local landowner, The Land shows why political oppression does not necessarily lead to a sense of solidarity among the disinherited
Water's Edge=2003-10-09=Robert wanted an escape from the big city. He thought a small town by the water's edge would give him a new start. He couldn't have been more wrong. This little town has dirty secrets, and Robert just found the worst of them...
Nell=1994-12-23=In a remote woodland cabin, a small town doctor discovers Nell - a beautiful young hermit woman with many secrets.
Liar Liar=1997-03-21=Fletcher Reede is a fast-talking attorney and habitual liar. When his son Max blows out the candles on his fifth birthday he has just one wish - that his dad will stop lying for 24 hours. When Max's wish comes true, Fletcher discovers that his mouth has suddenly become his biggest liability.
Katherine=1975-10-05=A harrowing look at the 60s and early 70s through the eyes of Katherine Alman, a wealthy debutante who slowly, but inexorably spirals down into a fight for the causes that shook a nation, leading a path to the underground life. Written by Miguel Cane
La chatte à deux têtes=2002-01-01=In a Parisian porn theater, a cashier, a 50-year-old man and a young projectionist are drawn into a complex love affair.
Jeff Foxworthy & Larry the Cable Guy: We've Been Thinking=2016-08-26=Comedians Jeff Foxworthy and Larry the Cable Guy bring their distinctive brand of humor to a packed crowd in Minneapolis.
Santa and the Ice Cream Bunny=1972-01-01=Poor Santa Claus. This live-action feature finds his sleigh stuck in the sand on a Florida beach only days before Christmas Eve.
Tales from the Crypt=1972-03-09=Five people find themselves in a tomb. The Crypt keeper explains why they are there through a series of frightening stories. Based on the classic comic book.
Killers=2010-06-04=When an elite assassin marries a beautiful computer whiz after a whirlwind romance, he gives up the gun and settles down with his new bride. That is, until he learns that someone from his past has put a contract out on his life.
The Gatekeepers=2012-07-09=In an unprecedented and candid series of interviews, six former heads of the Shin Bet — Israel's intelligence and security agency — speak about their role in Israel's decades-long counterterrorism campaign, discussing their controversial methods and whether the ends ultimately justify the means. (TIFF)
Star Wars=1977-05-25=Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by the evil Imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic Empire. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing captain Han Solo team together with the loveable robot duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the Empire.
Le Bal=1983-12-21=The 50 year story of a ballroom in France, from the 1920s. The people who go there is always the same, even the musicians. You can see all kind of people dancing all the fashion dances (depending on the age).
The Death of the Incredible Hulk=1990-02-18=During the critical experiment that would rid David Banner of the Hulk,a spy sabotages the laboratory. Banner falls in love with the spy, Jasmin, who performs missions only because her sister is being held hostage by Jasmin's superiors. Banner and Jasmin try to escape from the enemy agents to rebuild their lives together, but the Hulk is never far from them.
Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora (Cameraman's Revenge)=1912-10-27=A jilted husband takes his revenge by filming his wife and her lover and showing the result at the local cinema. This was one of Starewicz' first animated films, and stars very realistic animated beetles
Bending Colours=2012-01-01=Bending Colours is a moving portrait of Jordy Smith. This is not a biopic. It's a never-before seen insight into game changing next level surfing. From an average school kid in South Africa, a cocky tour rookie, to the professional world title threat he is today, Bending Colours tells a story. No one does progressive surfing or the hi-fi quite like Kai Neville. The fit is obvious. You know Modern Collective. You know the new breed of surfer, soundtrack and star it's created. This next collaboration will further redefine and change the game.
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney=1937-02-19=A chic jewel thief in England falls in love with one of her marks.
My Beautiful Broken Brain=2016-03-18=A profoundly personal voyage into the complexity, fragility and wonder of the human brain, after Lotje Sodderland miraculously survives a hemorrhagic stroke and finds herself starting again in an alien world, bereft of language and logic. This feature documentary takes us on a genre-twisting tale that is by turns excruciating and exquisite - from the devastating consequences of a first-time neurological experiment, through to the extraordinary revelations of her altered sensory perception.
Obce Ciało=2014-10-17=A dashing young Italian in Poland finds himself caught between two women — a novitiate nun and a ruthless corporate ladder-climber — in this lacerating vision of contemporary Poland from master filmmaker Krzysztof Zanussi.
The Muppet Movie=1979-05-31=Kermit the Frog is persuaded by agent Dom DeLuise to pursue a career in Hollywood. Along the way, Kermit picks up Fozzie Bear, Miss Piggy, Gonzo, and a motley crew of other Muppets with similar aspirations. Meanwhile, Kermit must elude the grasp of a frog-leg restaurant magnate.
Unbreakable: The Western States 100=2012-11-22=In 2010, four of the greatest undefeated mountain runners on earth toed the starting line at the Western States 100-mile endurance run, the oldest and most prestigious 100-mile foot race in the world.  'Unbreakable: The Western States 100' follows the four lead men on this amazing journey. Hal Koerner, two time defending Western States champion, and running store entrepreneur from Ashland, Oregon. Geoff Roes, undefeated at the 100-mile distance, an organic chef from Juneau, Alaska. Anton Krupicka, undefeated in every ultramarathon he has ever started, a graduate student living in Boulder, Colorado. Kilian Jornet, the young mountain runner and two time Ultra-trail du Mont-Blanc champion, from Spain.
吸血少女対少女フランケン=2009-09-09=High school student Mizushima receives Valentines Day chocolates from the new student, Monami. Little did she know that the chocolates contained traces of Monami's vampire blood. He gets infected from eating them and Monami confesses that she wants to live with him forever as vampires. Meanwhile, Mizushima decides that he wants to fully become a vampire with Monami's help. Keiko, Mizushima's girl friend, sees the two on the school rooftop kissing and in a state of hysteria, attempts to throw Monami off the roof but falls off herself instead. Keiko dies but her father, Kenji Furano, the mad scientist, resurrects her as Franken girl. Thus begins a deadly combat between Franken Keiko and Vampire Monami in the name of love.
역린=2014-04-30=In 1777, one year since he had taken reign, King Jeong-jo bears a perilous palace life with his dedicated court servant, Gap-soo, amidst opposition and threats from those around with political ambitions. Meanwhile, Eul-soo, a member of a secret assassin group, receives orders to kill Jeong-jo. Gap-soo, who had also been in the same secret assassin ring as Eul-soo, later confesses to Jeong-jo about his dark past and his motive for coming into the palace. To Gap-soo's surprise, Jeong-jo asks Gap-soo when he had given up being an assassin, then orders him to just leave the palace. However, Gap-soo finds out that there is another assassin besides him and frantically returns to the court, only to discover Eul-soo in combat with Jeong-jo. (c)
Who Killed the Electric Car?=2006-08-04=In 1996, electric cars began to appear on roads all over California. They were quiet and fast, produced no exhaust, and ran without gasoline... Ten years later, these cars were destroyed.
Dancers=1987-10-09=A successful aging dancer takes a young female protegee.
Yoo Hoo Mrs Goldberg=2009-07-10=The story of the actor, writer and broadcasting pioneer, Gertrude Berg.
Beneath Loch Ness=2002-01-01=A scientific expedition to Loch Ness runs into trouble when the group leader is killed in a mysterious diving accident. Soon after, when the unorthodox Professor Howell shows up to take over as leader of the group, more strange incidents and attacks start to occur. While Howell and TV producer Elizabeth Borden are busy investigating the source of the attacks, the body of an enormous sea creature washes up on the lake's shore.
Fida=2004-08-20=Fida tells the story of Jai who one day happen to meet a young and beautiful woman called Neha and he falls in love with her at first sight.
Smash-Up: Story of a Woman=1947-03-01=A nightclub singer uses alcohol in excess to sooth her painful life.
Ladda Land=2011-04-28=A family moves into a new house where they gradually begin to encounter paranormal and horror events.
Waga seishun ni kuinashi=1946-10-29=Yukie, the well-bred daughter of a university professor, is shocked when her father is relieved of his post for his political teachings, and even more so when her lover, one of her father's students, is arrested, then executed as a spy. She decides to leave Kyoto to live with the boy's parents in their peasant village. But life still has many lessons for her...
Let the Fire Burn=2013-10-02=Jason Osder makes an impressive feature film debut through his unbiased and thorough account of the incidents leading up to and during the 1985 standoff between the extremist African-American organization MOVE and Philadelphia authorities. The dramatic clash claimed eleven lives and literally and figuratively devastated an entire community. Let the Fire Burn is a real-life Wild West story absent the luxury of identifying its heroes by the color of their hats.
Dancing in September=2001-02-03=A black female TV producer struggles in Hollywood.
Deewangee=2002-10-25=Bollywoods take on Primal Fear (1996). Though it copies the Hollywood version for most of the first half of the film, the second half is entirely original (though its more an outcome of 2 requirements of the Hindi movies: 1)Nearing the 3 hour mark instead of the 2 hour duration preferred by Hollywood &amp; 2)Good should always prevail over the bad)
How I Got Into College=1989-05-19=The simple story of two young Michigan high school students, Jessica, Class President, Local Smart Girl, and object of Marlon's affections attempt to get into a small Pennsylvania college. Jessica fights off her parent's expectation of going to their alma mater of the University of Michigan, while Marlon fights his grades and SAT scores.
Barely Lethal=2015-04-30="A 16-year-old international assassin yearning for a ""normal"" adolescence fakes her own death and enrolls as a senior in a suburban high school. She quickly learns that being popular can be more painful than getting water-boarded."
アシュラ=2012-09-29=Abandoned in the barren wasteland of Kyoto, a savage, enraged orphan does whatever it takes to survive in the wild. When he crosses paths with civilization, he must learn to tame the beast within.
They're Watching=2016-03-25=An American TV crew gets trapped in a centuries-old web of revenge, horror, and blood, when their home improvement show is attacked by angry Eastern European villagers out to kill the show's star.
Devil's Bible=2008-12-14=At 165 pounds, and allegedly made from the skins of 160 donkeys, the Codex Gigas is the world's largest and most mysterious medieval manuscript. Filled with satanic images and demonic spells, according to legend, the cursed text sprang from a doomed monk's pact with the Devil. Now, Nat Geo follows a team of scientists as they embark on an unprecedented quest to unravel the secrets behind the book's darkened pages. Using ultra-violet fluorescence imaging, handwriting analysis and a re-creation of the text, forensic document experts attempt to uncover the cryptic truth behind this ancient Devil's Bible.
Vals Im Bashir=2008-06-25=Much awarded animated documentary, in which director and Israeli army veteran Ari Folman interviews friends and former soldiers about their memories of  the 1982 Lebanon war and especially the Sabra and Shatila massacre in Beirut. The usage on animation enabled Folman to illustrate their personal memories and dreams.
Paper Heart=2009-07-31="Paper Heart follows Nick and Charlyne on a cross-country journey to document what exactly ""love"" is. Interviewing ministers, happily married couples, chemists, romance novelists, divorce lawyers, a group of children and more, the determined young girl attempts to find definition and perhaps even experience the mysterious emotion."
Les Barbouzes=1964-12-10=A cold-war spy parody. After the death of an armaments manufacturer, an international group of spies is drawn into a high-stakes battle of wits to obtain the valuable military patents which have been inherited by the lovely widow.
SuperBob=2015-10-16=Six years ago, Robert Kenner, a mild mannered postman from Peckham, South London was struck by a meteor which bestowed him with super powers. Today, Bob is an overworked under-appreciated “civil servant” for the British government. He spends most waking hours saving people and filling out forms. There has been no time for anything else. Least of all love. But today he has a day off. And best of all, he has a date with the woman he once met at the library. Now all he has to do is act as if this isn’t the most exciting day of his life. Apparently that puts people off.
壬生義士伝=2003-01-18=Kanichiro Yoshimura is a Samurai and Family man who can no longer support his wife and children on the the low pay he receives from his small town clan, he is forced by the love for his family to leave for the city in search of higher pay to support them.
Rush Hour=1998-09-18=When Hong Kong Inspector Lee is summoned to Los Angeles to investigate a kidnapping, the FBI doesn't want any outside help and assigns cocky LAPD Detective James Carter to distract Lee from the case. Not content to watch the action from the sidelines, Lee and Carter form an unlikely partnership and investigate the case themselves.
Ma' Rosa=2016-11-09=Ma’ Rosa has four children. She owns a small convenient store in a poor neighborhood of Manila where everybody likes her. To make ends meet, Rosa and her husband, Nestor, resell small amounts of narcotics on the side. One day, they get arrested. Rosa’s children are ready to do anything to buy their parents’ freedom from the corrupt police.
The Blair Witch Project=1999-07-14=In October of 1994 three student filmmakers disappeared in the woods near Burkittsville, Maryland, while shooting a documentary. A year later their footage was found.
Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes=1984-03-30=A shipping disaster in the 19th Century has stranded a man and woman in the wilds of Africa. The lady is pregnant, and gives birth to a son in their tree house. Soon after, a family of apes stumble across the house and in the ensuing panic, both parents are killed. A female ape takes the tiny boy as a replacement for her own dead infant, and raises him as her son. Twenty years later, Captain Phillippe D'Arnot discovers the man who thinks he is an ape. Evidence in the tree house leads him to believe that he is the direct descendant of the Earl of Greystoke, and thus takes it upon himself to return the man to civilization.
ना तुम जानो ना हम=2002-05-09=Romantic Esha calls up FM Radio's DJ Bingo to find out the identity of a male who had called during his program. While Bingo is unable to identify him, the male, Rahul Sharma, does call again, and a meeting is arranged. Esha does not show up, but instead decides to correspond with him via a post box numbered address without disclosing her name, to which Rahul agrees, arranges for a numbered postal address himself, and does not disclose his identity as well. Rahul has a friend, Akshaye, who is a womanizer, whose mother asks Rahul to check out a bride for her son. Rahul goes to check this young lady, Esha Malhotra, finds her suitable, and soon marriage preparations are underway. Rahul's romance for the unknown girl will be shattered after he finds out that she is none other than Esha.
Black Friday=2004-08-13=Under torture, Indian gangster Tiger Memon (Pavan Malhotra) confesses to his involvement in a plot to set off explosives throughout Bombay. The police choose not to believe him, however, and bombs tear through the city that Friday, wreaking havoc and polarizing the citizens of Bombay. Through a series of interviews, DCP Rakesh Maria (Kay Kay Menon) comes closer to discovering who the leader of the conspiracy is, but it soon becomes clear that a foreign power must be involved.
Wizards=1977-02-09=An ambiguous battle between good and evil wages in a post-apocalyptic earth populated by netherworld creatures who have re-emerged after the nuclear winter. Two wizard twin brothers - the evil Blackwolf and the good Avatar - battle for supremacy. The war turns in Blackwolf's favor when he discovers the methods of warfare used by the ill-fated humans of the past.
Criminal Court=1946-11-20="In a break from his heroic ""Falcon"" role, Tom Conway stars as Steve Barnes, a criminal attorney known for his unorthodox courtroom tactics. After accidentally killing a crooked nightclub owner, Barnes is stuck on the horns of a dilemma when his sweetheart, cabaret singer Georgia Gale (Martha O'Driscoll), is arrested for the crime The problem: How can Barnes clear Georgia of the murder without implicating himself?"
Spy Chasers=1955-07-31=Slip and the gang (Bowery Boys) foil foes of the exiled, incognito king of Truania (Sig Ruman).
సింహాద్రి=2003-07-09="Simhadri (Telugu: సింహాద్రి) is a 2003 Telugu film with Jr. NTR playing the lead role and Bhoomika, Ankitha, and Nassar playing the supporting roles. S. S. Rajamouli directed the film. It is the biggest hit in Jr. NTR's career. It was subsequently dubbed into Hindi as Yamraaj Ek Faulaad. After the huge success of this film this was remade into Tamil as ""Gajendra"" with Vijayakanth.The film was highly action packed and was a very successful action pack film."
Lake Consequence=1993-02-23=Irene, a thirty-something housewife with a successfull husband and a young son, has her life thrown in a spin when she becomes attracted to Billy, a member of a landscape crew outside her house. When Irene's husband and son leave for a weekend fishing trip, Irene wanting to see Billy, gets locked in the back of his trailer and ends up at remote Lake Consequence with Billy and his girlfriend Grace where they take Irene on a trip into the nearby town to a Chinese New Year Festival, and through a series of adventures they bring out the repressed sexual needs Irene has been holding inside for a long time.
Viva la libertà=2013-02-13=The elections are approaching and the largest opposition party in the country do not look good. Its leader, Enrico Oliveri can not stand the pressure and disappears. Fearing a scandal, the eminence grise of the party had brought into play the twin brother of the politician. Even if looks like two drops of water with his brother Giovanni may have a different personality. His ideas are innovative and direct approach to get the party in the polls ...
龙在哪里？=2015-10-23=The story follows a ten-year-old girl who teams up with animals from the Chinese Zodiac to search for a lost dragon and save the world from a treacherous conspiracy.
Chronopolis=1982-01-01=Chronopolis tells the story of a gargantuan city lurking in the sky colonized by powerful immortals who have become jaded with eternal life. Most of their time is spent monotonously constructing bizarre and unusual objects while waiting for the ultimate gift to arrive in their hands.
Les affiches en goguette=1906-01-01=A wall full of advertising posters comes to life.
The Orkly Kid=1985-10-01=Larry (Crispin Glover) organizes a talent show in an attempt to get on TV but the small town of Orkly, Idaho, isn't ready for his Olivia Newton-John impersonation.
Dèmoni 2... L'incubo ritorna=1986-10-09=A group of tenants and visitors are trapped in a 10-story high-rise apartment building infested with demons who proceed to hunt the dwindling humans down.
Under the Gun=2016-05-13=A look at the aftermath of the Sandy Hook massacre where 20 children were murdered at school by a crazed gunman, but lead to no changes in American gun laws.
Traitor=2008-08-23=When straight arrow FBI agent Roy Clayton heads up the investigation into a dangerous international conspiracy, all clues seem to lead back to former U.S. Special Operations officer, Samir Horn.
Inochi bô ni furô=1971-09-11=The story takes place in feudal Japan, when any commerce with the rest of the world was strictly prohibited. An idealist suddenly appears in an isolated inn (the one that the title refers to), the head-quarters of a group of smugglers, with stolen money intended to ransom his loved one who is forced to work in a brothel.
Gold Rush Scenes in the Klondike=1899-01-01=No Overview
Rivers of Sand=1974-10-30=The people portrayed in this film are called Hamar. They dwell in the thorny scrubland of southwestern Ethiopia, about one hundred miles north of Lake Rudolph, Africa's great inland sea. They are isolated by some distant choice that now limits their movement and defines their condition. At least until recently, it has resulted in their retaining a highly traditional way of life.  Hamar women eagerly accept their ritual whipping when boys come of age.  Part of that tradition was the open, even flamboyant, observance of male supremacy. In their isolation, they seemed to have refined this not uncommon principle of social organization into a remarkably pure state. Hamar men are masters and their women are slaves. The film tries to disclose the effect on mood and behavior of lives governed by the idea of sexual inequality.
Ishtar=1987-05-15=Two terrible lounge singers get booked to play a gig in a Moroccan hotel but somehow become pawns in an international power play between the CIA, the Emir of Ishtar, and the rebels trying to overthrow his regime
Mr. Bean's Holiday=2007-03-22=Mr. Bean wins a trip to Cannes where he unwittingly separates a young boy from his father and must help the two reunite. On the way he discovers France, bicycling and true love, among other things.
Traffic=2000-12-27=An exploration of the United States of America's war on drugs from multiple perspectives. For the new head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, the war becomes personal when he discovers his well-educated daughter is abusing cocaine within their comfortable suburban home. In Mexico, a flawed, but noble policeman agrees to testify against a powerful general in league with a cartel, and in San Diego, a drug kingpin's sheltered trophy wife must learn her husband's ruthless business after he is arrested, endangering her luxurious lifestyle.
런닝맨=2013-04-03=Jong-Woo (played by Sin Ha-gyoon) is a poor, beleagured taxi driver with a bad attitude, understandable given the kind of clients he has to deal with. So when one night, a polite, well-dressed man offers an outrageous sum of money to rent the taxi for an extended period, Jong Woo doesn't ask any questions, though he does make rather cheerful and inappropriate conversation with his uninterested charge. It's difficult to blame Jong-Woo for this, given that it takes him some time to realize that he is not the protagonist of a low-brow comedy, but of an action-packed thriller.
The Big Steal=1990-09-20=Danny wants two things in life more than anything else, one is a Jaguar and the other is Joanna Johnson. After Danny is conned into trading his Nissan Cedric for a 1973 Jaguar, he plots to win Joanna and get revenge against the sleazy car dealer Gordon Farkes.
Map of the Sounds of Tokyo=2009-12-02=Ryu is a solitary girl whose fragile appearance is in stark contrast with the double life she leads, working nights at a Tokyo fishmarket and sporadically taking on jobs as a hit-woman.Mr Nagara is a powerful impresario mourning the loss of his daughter Midori, who has committed suicide. He blames David, a Spaniard who runs a wine business in Tokyo.Mr Nagara's employee, Ishida, was silently in love with Midori and hires Ryu to murder David.A sound engineer, obsessed with the sounds of the Japanese city and fascinated with Ryu, witnesses this love story which searches the shadows of the human soul, reaching deep into places where only silence has the power of eloquence.
When Good Ghouls Go Bad=2001-10-20="In October of 1981, Curtis Danko, the creepy kid from the small town of Walker Falls, was killed in a mysterious accident. He left behind a warning to the town: ""If you ever have another Halloween again, I will return and destroy you all!"" Curtis was buried in a locked crypt, along with a sculpture so evil, that unearthly fates were said to await anyone who looked at it. Now, 20 years later, the Walker men have returned to Walker Falls. They start a chain of events that unleashes an army of zombies on the town. Has Curtis Danko risen from the grave to exact his revenge? And will the people of Walker Falls make it through the night?"
The Karate Dog=2004-05-05=When LAPD computer expert Peter Fowler investigates the killing of an old man in Chinatown, he finds the only witness is his dog, Cho Cho. But Fowler soon discovers Cho Cho is the only dog in the world who can speak to humans... not only that, Cho Cho is an expert in martial arts. When they join forces to track down the mastermind behind the death of Cho Cho's master, it leads these unusual partners into uncovering a dangerous conspiracy which puts both of their lives in danger.
Open Season=1996-05-03=When the television ratings machines suddenly malfunction, public television suddenly, but mistakenly, soars to #1 in this humorous satire.
Pitch Perfect 2=2015-05-07=The Bellas are back, and they are better than ever. After being humiliated in front of none other than the President of the United States of America, the Bellas are taken out of the Aca-Circuit. In order to clear their name, and regain their status, the Bellas take on a seemingly impossible task: winning an international competition no American team has ever won. In order to accomplish this monumental task, they need to strengthen the bonds of friendship and sisterhood and blow away the competition with their amazing aca-magic! With all new friends and old rivals tagging along for the trip, the Bellas can hopefully accomplish their dreams.
Spider=2002-12-13=A mentally disturbed man takes residence in a halfway house. His mind gradually slips back into the realm created by his illness, where he replays a key part of his childhood.
In the Meantime, Darling=1944-09-22=A young bride who comes from a rich family has a hard time adjusting to life in a boarding house with other soldiers and their wives. Her spoiled ways cause resentment from the other wives and problems with her husband.
Mayerling=1936-01-31="The film establishes Rudolph is a rebellious ""man of the people"", at eternal odds with his despotic father, Emperor Franz Joseph. To keep him quiet and out of trouble, Rudolph is forced into an arranged marriage, and surrounded by Hapsburg informers and spies. In an effort to escape this oppressive atmosphere, a disguised Rudolph dashes off to a fair, where he meets the beauteous 17-year-old Marie. Thus begins an illicit romance, which the lovers try vainly to keep secret from the prying eyes of the Emperor's flunkeys."
Naboer=2005-03-10=After Ingrid leaves John, he allows himself to be pulled into a mystical and scary world where it is impossible to separate truth from lies.
100 Years at the Movies=1994-12-31=Commemorates the centennial of American movies with a montage of clips and music scores from the most important movies of the century.
Le Mélomane=1903-08-15=The leader of a marching band demonstrates an unusual way of writing music.
台風クラブ=1985-08-31=The movie takes place in the five-day period before, during and after a ferocious, seemingly liberating typhoon, which five of the students endure while marooned in their school gymnasium.
Restitution=2011-10-28=A true crime writer investigating a small town murder spree uncovers the devastating truth that changes the town forever.
Hell's Kitchen=1998-09-11=When a robbery goes awry, the bandits all end up in a puddle of blood and only one lives and goes to jail for five years. Upon his release, the girlfriend wants her new boyfriend to kill him. Only trouble is the boyfriend knows that the fault was not the ex-con's and can't bring himself to do the task. Meanwhile, the ex-con tries to turn his life around by becoming a boxer and training under a former heavyweight contender.
The Evil=1978-05-05=Shortly after moving into a dark, brooding mansion, a psychologist and his co-workers are terrorized by a horrible evil being.
De onfatsoenlijke vrouw=1991-05-26=A woman with a steady marriage and a little daughter, goes bezerk and enters a seducing game.
Lily & Kat=2015-03-20=Set in New York City, the film follows a naive fashion school graduate named Lily who finds her world turned upside down when her reckless best friend Kat announces she’s moving away to London in a matter of days. At a Lower East Side art opening the next night, they meet the enigmatic rising artist Henri, who Lily quickly takes a liking for. With less than seven days left and a new attractor between them, Lily and Kat will find their “unbreakable” friendship put to the test.
The Busy Body=1967-03-12=Sid Caesar is a bumbling gopher to a mob boss who must recover a fortune in cash stowed in the suit of a corpse.
Like It Is=1998-04-17=A young, bare-knuckle boxer Craig (played by real-life boxer Steve Bell) moves from Blackpool to London, where he falls for a twenty-something music producer, Matt. Trouble ensues when shy, awkward Craig tries squeezing into Matt's glib lifestyle and Matt's scheming boss (played by Roger Daltrey) tries to break up the couple.
Varieté=1925-11-16=The murderer “Boss” Huller – after having spent ten years in prison – breaks his silence to tell the warden his story.
Gomgashtei dar Aragh=2002-05-22=During the war between Iran and Iraq, a group of Iranian Kurd musicians set off on an almost impossible mission. They will try to find Hanareh, a singer with a magic voice who crossed the border and may now be in danger in the Iraqi Kurdistan. As in his previous films, this Kurdish director is again focusing on the oppression of his people.
Skipped Parts=2000-06-06=A woman (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and her son (Bug Hall) must leave a small South Carolina town because of her wild behavior.
Takedown: The DNA of GSP=2014-02-20="A look at the life and career of Ultimate Fighting Champion's welterweight world champ Georges St-Pierre, also known as ""GSP""."
맨홀=2014-10-08=A young girl (Kim Sae-Ron) is kidnapped by a serial killer (Jung Kyoung-Ho). The serial killer uses manholes to kidnap and kill his victims. The young girl's older sister (Jung Yu-Mi) tries to save her before it's too late.
Come September=1961-01-01="Robert Talbot, an American millionaire, arrives early for his annual vacation at his luxurious Italian villa. His long-time girlfriend Lisa has given up waiting for him and has decided to marry another man. Meanwhile, his sneaky business associate Maurice secretly misappropriates the villa as a hotel while Talbot is away. The current guests of the ""hotel"" are a group of young American girls."
The Brides of Dracula=1960-01-01=A young teacher on her way to a position in Transylvania helps a young man escape the shackles his mother has put on him. In so doing she innocently unleashes the horrors of the undead once again on the populace, including those at her school for ladies. Luckily for some, Dr Van Helsing is already on his way.
Historia Kina w Popielawach=1998-11-01="The story is narrated by ten-year old Staszek, who writes in his diary about his school-friend Jozef. Jozef comes from a family of blacksmiths, all of whom bear the name Jozef. Since he is the sixth consecutive son to be called Jozef, he is nicknamed Szustek (meaning ""sixth one"")."
Honor Thy Father=1973-03-01="Joseph Bologna stars as Bill Bonanno in this made-for-television adaptation of the controversial bestseller from Gay Talese, chronicling the rise of New York's infamous Bonanno organized crime family. When his father disappears in 1964 and Bill is compelled to take over the ""empire,"" other mafiosi attempt to take what's theirs. Brenda Vaccaro and Richard S. Castellano fill out the impressive cast of this gripping crime tale."
Experiment in Terror=1962-04-12=Kelly Sherwood is terrorized by a man with an asthmatic voice who plans to use her to steal $100,000 from the bank where she works. He threatens to kill her teenage sister Toby, if she tells the police. However she manages to contact F.B.I. agent Ripley.
The Mountain Men=1980-05-01=The story concerns two grizzled mountain men -- Bill Tyler and Henry Frapp -- during the dying days of the fur-trapping era. The plot begins when Running Moon runs away from her abusive husband Heavy Eagle and comes across the two seedy fur trappers. The mountain men take her in, unaware that Heavy Eagle has dispatched an army of Indian braves to reclaim her.
Besa=2009-10-21=Besa is a Serbian film from 2009. year, made in co-production with several other countries. At the beginning of the World War I, Filip, a Serbian school director in the Serbian province, has been asked to immediately go to Belgrade to get  war schedule. His wife Lea, Slovene, with no one to leave because the two of them recently arrived in the small town and no one really knows them. Azem, an Albanian, school attendance, gives Filip a promise (Besa) to watch the Lea and that nothing will happen. Lea and Azem, are forced to live together in an abandoned school. Their relationship changes during the time..
Даже не думай=2003-03-31=A few young men are planning a criminal operation based on the action movies they saw.
Rumah Dara=2009-10-08=Macabre, international title for Rumah Dara (Indonesian title), and in Singapore titled Darah) is an Indonesian horror/slasher film in 2010. The movie tells about a group who attempt to escape from a house that owned by mysterious lady named Dara and her family. We later discover the family are killers and cannibals attempting to gain immortality. The film is based on the short film Dara. Before the film was screened in Indonesia, it was screened at several festivals in 2009. Rumah Dara was released in Singapore where it gained an M18 rating (for Gore and Violence)
All the Brothers Were Valiant=1953-11-13=Sea-faring saga of two brothers (Robert Taylor, Stewart Granger) and the woman they both love.
Buena Vista Social Club=1999-02-17=In this fascinating Oscar-nominated documentary, American guitarist Ry Cooder brings together a group of legendary Cuban folk musicians (some in their 90s) to record a Grammy-winning CD in their native city of Havana. The result is a spectacular compilation of concert footage from the group's gigs in Amsterdam and New York City's famed Carnegie Hall, with director Wim Wenders capturing not only the music -- but also the musicians' life stories.
Body Count=1998-04-28=A group of thieves attempt to rob an art gallery, but when plans backfire and one of the men winds up dead, the group head down south, running afoul of the law. Along the way, they meet up with a seductive con artist with ideas of her own.
Medvezhiy Potseluy=2002-01-01=A fairy tale-like love story between young circus artist Lola and the bear Misha, who one day transforms into a human being.
The Dreamers=2003-09-01=A young American studying in Paris in 1968 strikes up a friendship with a French brother and sister. Set against the background of the '68 Paris student riots.
Dangerous Game=1993-11-19=A New York film director, working on his latest movie in Los Angeles, begins to reflect the actions in his movie and real life, especially when he begins an affair with the lead actress.
Wide Open=1930-02-01=An eccentric, fluttery bachelor is dismayed to discover an undressed woman in his apartment. Comedy.
The Beast with a Million Eyes=1958-06-15=An alien space craft lands in the desert. The alien takes over the minds of some of the local humans and animals and is able to see through them. The animals attack and the terror begins.
Le Premier cercle=2009-03-03=The Malakian clan, a family of ruthless gangsters, controls the underworld of Southern France. At its head, the violent godfather Milo Malakian rules his world with an iron fist. His son and heir, Anton, dreams of breaking free and making his own choices. But the gang's inner circle is engraved in blood. To escape, not only does Anton have to counter his own destiny, but also the man who has sworn to bring his father down.
Elisa antes del fin del mundo=1997-06-22=10-year-old Elisa, whose parents are about to lose their new car due to financial problems, plans a bank robbery.
Primitive London=1965-01-01="The sensational follow-up to ""London in the Raw,"" ""Primitive London"" sets out to reflect society's decay through a sideshow spectacle of 1960s London depravity—and manages to outdo its predecessor. Here, we confront mods, rockers and beatniks at the Ace Café, cut some rug with obscure beat band The Zephyrs, smirk at flabby men in the sauna and goggle at sordid wife-swapping parties as we discover a pre-permissive Britain still trying to move on from the post-war depression of the 1950s."
Survivor=2014-07-22=During their search for a habitable planet the last living humans crash-land on a barren world, inhabited by bloodthirsty aliens and mysterious post-apocalyptic warriors.
Barricade=1950-03-24=Western remake of Jack London's The Sea Wolf (and Michael Curtiz's 1941 film adaptation)
Big Bad Mama II=1987-10-01=It's 1934, and the evil local land baron forecloses on Angie's place, and she and her two daughters must leave and continue their life of crime. A reporter witnesses their heist of a bank, and helps them become folk legends by writing a story about them. After a time the evil land baron wants to run for governor, and Angie and her daughters kidnap his son and turn him into a gangster in order to discredit his father and his run for governor.
Les baisers de secours=1989-05-31=The familiar conflicts of a film director planning to make a movie about his life and the confrontation he has with his wife, an actress who was turned down for such project in which she wanted to play herself.
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Undead=2009-01-19=Julian Marsh is an out of work ladies' man who lands a job directing a bizarre adaptation of Hamlet. After casting his best friend and his ex-girlfriend in the show, Julian finds himself in the middle of a two thousand year old conspiracy that explains the connection between Shakespeare, the Holy Grail and some seriously sexy vampires. It turns out that the play was actually written by a master vampire name Theo Horace and it's up to Julian to recover the Grail in order to reverse the vampire's curse...If only being undead wasn't so much God-damned fun!
Après vous...=2003-12-17=Antoine is a maitre d' in a Paris brasserie, Chez Jean, and is so full of being of service to others that he can't say 'no'. Late for dinner with his girlfriend, Christine, he takes a shortcut home through the park but finds a stranger, Louis, in the act of committing suicide by hanging. Louis is distraught by the loss of his girlfriend, Blanche, and is so grateful that he attaches himself to Antoine. Antoine arranges a job for Louis - as a sommelier at Chez Jean and sets about trying to repair Louis' life...
Small Town Girl=1953-04-10=Rick Belrow Livingston, in love with Broadway star Lisa, is sentenced to 30 days in jail for speeding through a small town. He persuades the judge's daughter Cindy to let him leave for one night, so that he can visit Lisa on her birthday. After that he goes on the town with Cindy and she falls in love with him. But Dr. Schemmer wants his son to become her husband.
Into the Mind=2013-09-25=From the makers of All.I.Can comes the new feature film Into the Mind. Blur the lines between dream state and reality, as you perceive the world through the minds of many. Into the Mind contemplates the experiences passed between mentors and peers to paint a philosophical portrait of human kind. What drives us to overcome challenge? How do we justify risk? What forces are at the core of a mountain addiction? Unique athlete segments over a multitude of mountain sport genres depict the connectivity of Earth, and window into never-seen-before moments. Explore how we begin our perception of self, construct the foundations of confidence, and are ultimately led up the path of self-actualization.
A Song Is Born=1948-10-19=The story of seven scholars (including Danny Kaye and Benny Goodman) in search of an expert to teach them about swing music. They seem to have found the perfect candidate in winsome nightclub singer Honey Swanson (Virginia Mayo). But Honey's gangster boyfriend doesn't want to give her up.
La leyenda del viento del norte=1992-07-02=To get his hands on a valuable pod of whales, a 17th-century European daredevil in Newfoundland foolishly attempts to release the powers of the mythical North Wind, who was trapped in a pot thanks to a shared effort by Basque sailors and Mi'kmaq Indians. Now, the descendant of those Indian, Watuna, and the descendants of those Basque sailors, Ane and Peiot, must defeat the evil Athanasius before he achieve his purpose.
Simon's Cat=2012-10-19=Simon's cat follows the silent-movie-like adventures of a cat and his owner and lots of others.
The Far Horizons=1955-05-20=United States has just acquired Louisiana from France. An expedition led by Lewis and Clark is sent to survey the territory and go where no white man has gone before. Are they able to overcome the dangers with the help of Sacajawea?
My Last Five Girlfriends=2009-04-29=My Last Five Girlfriends traces the romantic journey of thirtysomething bachelor Duncan. As the film opens, the despondent Duncan is apparently preparing to take his own life, but not before taking the time to send a message to the last five women he dated. Taking the form of a whirlwind tour through Duncan World, the film is a comedic exploration of his failed relationships.
Universal Soldier=1992-07-10=An American soldier who had been killed during the Vietnam War is revived 25 years later by the military as a semi-android, UniSols, a high-tech soldier of the future. After the failure of the initiative to erase all the soldier's memories, he begins to experience flashbacks that are forcing him to recall his past.
When Trumpets Fade=1998-06-27=In WWII Western Germany, Private David Manning reluctantly leaves behind a mortally wounded fellow soldier and searches for survivors from his platoon, only to learn from commanding officer Captain Pritchett that they have all been killed in action. Despite requesting a discharge on the grounds of mental disability, Manning is promoted to sergeant and assigned to lead a new platoon of young inductees.
Nadja=1994-09-13=This ultra-hip, post-modern vampire tale is set in contemporary New York City. Members of a dysfunctional family of vampires are trying to come to terms with each other, in the wake of their father's death. Meanwhile, they are being hunted by Dr. Van Helsing and his hapless nephew. As in all good vampire movies, forces of love are pitted against forces of destruction.
Nevjeste dolaze=1978-01-01=Jelena, a woman of character, rules an inn in an isolated place in the countryside. She lives with her two sons: Martin and Jakov. Martin has been married to Kata for 5 years, but never succeeded in having a child. Jakov sleeps with his mother in postures suggesting incest, but he is in love with Kata. Each night he hears her cries, the sexual acts with her husband inevitably finish with violence. One day, Jakov can't stand anymore, he leaves, and Kata is found dead the next morning. Two characters arrive then : an old man, who turns to be the father of Martin ; he settles and declares being returned to die here. And a girl, that Martin will keep as his new wife.
The Hundred-Foot Journey=2014-08-06=A story centered around an Indian family who moves to France and opens a restaurant across the street from a Michelin-starred French restaurant.
Mrs. Winterbourne=1996-04-19=Connie Doyle is eighteen and pregnant her boyfriend has kicked her out. She accidentaly ends up on a train where she meets Hugh Winterbourne and his wife Patricia who is pregnant. The train wrecks and she wakes up in the hosptial to find out that it's been assumed that she's Patricia. Hugh's mother takes her in and she falls in love with Hugh's brother Bill. Just when she thinks everything is going her way, her ex-boyfriend shows up.
The Pool Boys=2011-09-30=A pool boy and a gardener turn an empty mansion into a home for women who belong to the world's oldest profession.
Le mystère Koumiko=1965-10-09=A look inside the world of a young Japanese woman during the time of the Tokyo Olympiad (1962), from French New Wave Left Bank director Chris Marker.
The Outrageous Sophie Tucker=2014-05-02="The rags to riches story of Sophie Tucker, an iconic superstar who ruled the worlds of vaudeville, Broadway, radio, television, and Hollywood throughout the 20th century. Before Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Madonna, Bette Midler, Marilyn Monroe, and Mae West, Sophie Tucker was the first woman to infatuate her audiences with a bold, bawdy and brassy style unlike any other. Using all of ""The Last of the Red Hot Mamas"" 400-plus recently rediscovered personal scrapbooks, authors Susan and Lloyd Ecker take you on their seven-year journey retracing Tucker's sixty-year career in show business.`"
Moonfleet=1955-06-24=set in the eighteenth century, the film is about John Mohune, a young orphan, played by Jon Whiteley, who is sent to the Dorset village of Moonfleet to stay with an old friend of his mother's, Jeremy Fox. Fox, played by Stewart Granger, is a morally ambiguous character, an elegant gentleman involved with smugglers and pirates.
Bulldog Drummond's Revenge=1937-12-16=The dapper British sleuth (John Howard) beats a Scotland Yard colonel (John Barrymore) to the stolen formula for a new bomb.
La fin du jour=1939-03-24=Aged penniless actors are living in a old people's home. They always talk about their past glory or failures. One day Raphael Saint-Clair comes; he has been a famous actor and had a lot of love affairs. Passions come back, and jealousies... A bitter film about aging, failure and the entertainment.
Crazy Heart=2009-12-16=When reporter Jean Craddock interviews Bad Blake -- an alcoholic, seen-better-days country music legend -- they connect, and the hard-living crooner sees a possible saving grace in a life with Jean and her young son. But can he leave behind an existence playing in the shadow of Tommy, the upstart kid he once mentored?
El mural de Siqueiros=2011-08-19=David Alfaro Siqueiros, recognized Mexican muralist, travels to Argentina in the thirties with the purpose of giving a few conferences and paint a mural of revolutionary subject matter, which faces local political rejection. The press mogul head of the newspaper Critica, Natalio Botana, personal friend to the President of the Nation Agustín P. Justo, propose Siqueiros to collaborate in the cultural supplement of the diary and paint a mural in the basement of his Villa Los Granados. Siqueiros accepts and does that his wife the poet Blanca Luz Brum meets him, his arrival to Los Granados and his romance with Botana provokes the jealousies of his powerful anarchist wife Salvadora Medina Onrubia and Siqueiros himself, which turns the Villa almost in one of the scenes of the Ejercicio Plástico, how Siqueiros named his work.
Il bandito=1946-10-05=Among others, Ernesto returns to Turin after the war from a German POW camp; his household destroyed and family deceased, he tries making an honest living.
La danse - Le ballet de L'Opéra de Paris=2009-10-07=A film by Frederick Wiseman following the ins and outs of 7 ballets by the Paris Opera Ballet.
Il deserto dei Tartari=1976-01-01=Lieutenant Giovanni Drogo is assigned to the old Bastiani border fortress where he expects an imminent attack by nomadic fearsome Tartars.
Verlengd Weekend=2005-10-12=Businessman Christian Vandenheuvel planned to spend the long weekend with his young mistress, Lisa. Instead, they're take hostage by Jos Diels and Nick, two of the 46 laborers who lost their job recently when Christian had his family film bankrupted. Each victim fails to escape, even the fire alarm doesn't get them freed. After Jos realizes the mistress is his only daughter, and Nick falls in love with Lisa, the masked men's mood evolves as they progress to truth time, when the police arrives.
Far Out Isn't Far Enough: The Tomi Ungerer Story=2012-10-15=Far Out Isn't Far Enough: The Tomi Ungerer Story depicts one man's wild, lifelong adventure of testing societal boundaries through his use of subversive art. This 98-minute film combines traditional documentary storytelling with original animation from over 70 years worth of art from the renegade children's book author and illustrator. Using a historical palette of 20th century events to paint an artist's epic yet controversial life story, this HD documentary film offers a feature-length retrospective of Ungerer's life and art, pondering the complexities and contradictions of a man who, armed with an acerbic wit, an accusing finger and a razor sharp pencil, gave visual representation to the revolutionary voices during one of the most tantalizing and dramatic periods in American history. Far Out Isn't Far Enough explores the circumstances of his meteoric rise and fall on American soil...
Montana=1998-01-01=A seasoned enforcer (Kyra Sedgwick) is given the seemingly routine task of finding the Boss's runaway mistress, Kitty. However Kitty is involved in plans to overthrow the Boss and this routine task gets very complicated.
Маугли=1973-01-01=Adventures of Mowgli is an animated feature-length story originally released as five animated shorts of about 20 minutes each between 1967 and 1971 in the Soviet Union.
Dreamcatcher=2003-03-21=Four boyhood pals perform a heroic act and are changed by the powers they gain in return. Years later, on a hunting trip in the Maine woods, they're overtaken by a vicious blizzard that harbors an ominous presence. Challenged to stop an alien force, the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante ... and then overcome a threat to the bond that unites the four of them.
Mad Tiger=2015-10-16=Two best friends spent the last fifteen years touring the country in their performance art punk band. When one of them decides to quit, they both face deeper challenges than expected.
Dead Kennedys: The Early Years=1987-01-01=An overview of the early years--late 1970s, early 1980s--of San Francisco punk band Dead Kennedys, with clips from some of their live concerts and footage of landmark San Francisco locations of the punk music scene. Jello Biafra and The Dead Kennedys show why they're the kings of satire in 9 live early performances.
The Land Before Time II: The Great Valley Adventure=1994-12-12=In search of some adventure in their safe and peaceful valley, the five dinosaur friends make a hideaway. From there, they spot two thieves in action, stealing an egg from one of their broods. They chase them down and manage to recover the egg without its parents noticing, but in the process, accidentally create an opening into the valley, allowing two dreaded Sharptooths in. Everyone must fight them off together to preserve their peaceful way of life. Written by Cynan Rees
Il trucido e lo sbirro=1976-08-27="Free Hand for a Tough Cop (Italian: Il trucido e lo sbirro, also known as Tough Cop) is an Italian poliziottesco-action film directed in 1976 by Umberto Lenzi. In this movie Tomas Milian plays for the first time Sergio Marazzi aka ""Er Monnezza"", a role that he later played several more times, in Lenzi's Brothers Till We Die (1978, a sort of sequel of this movie), in Destruction Force by Stelvio Massi (1977), in Uno contro l'altro, praticamente amici by Bruno Corbucci (1980), in Francesco Massaro's Il lupo e l'agnello (1980)."
Keanu=2016-04-21=Friends hatch a plot to retrieve a stolen cat by posing as drug dealers for a street gang.
Deadly Prey=1987-11-02="A group of sadistic mercenaries led by Col. John Hogan kidnap Michael Danton from his home, and set him loose on the grounds of their secret camp to be used as training for new recruits. Danton has been called the ""most perfect killer ever."" Now, he'll have to prove it again. This prey has become DEADLY!"
Powaqqatsi=1988-04-29=An exploration of technologically developing nations and the effect the transition to Western-style modernization has had on them.
Let It Be=1970-05-13=Documentary film about The Beatles rehearsing and recording songs for the album Let It Be in January 1969. The film features an unannounced rooftop concert by the group, their last performance in public. Released just after the album, it was the final original Beatles release. This film has not been commercially available since the 1980s.
The Lost Moment=1947-11-21=In a long flashback, a New York publisher is in Venice pursuing the lost love letters of an early-19th-century poet, Jeffrey Ashton, who disappeared mysteriously. Using a false name, Lewis Venable rents a room from Juliana Bordereau, once Jeffrey Ashton's lover, now an aged recluse. Running the household is Juliana's severe niece, Tina, who mistrusts Venable from the first moment. He realizes all is not right when late one night he finds Tina, her hair unpinned and wild, at the piano. She calls him Jeffrey and throws herself at him. The family priest warns Venable to tread carefully around her fantasies, but he wants the letters at any cost, even Tina's sanity.
Jim Shvante (marili svanets)=1930-05-24=An ethnographic treasure that documents with visual bravado the harsh conditions of life in the isolated mountain village of Ushkul.
2081=2009-05-29="2081 depicts a dystopian future in which, thanks to the 212th Amendment to the Constitution and the unceasing vigilance of the United States Handicapper General, everyone is ""finally equal...."" The strong wear weights, the beautiful wear masks and the intelligent wear earpieces that fire off loud noises to keep them from taking unfair advantage."
The Enfield Haunting=2015-05-03=Supernatural drama based on real-life events that took place in an ordinary North London home in 1977. During the autumn of that year, novice paranormal researcher Maurice Grosse hears of a family reported to be terrorised by supernatural forces. After the recent death of his own daughter, Maurice gets drawn into the family's story, which also involves a young girl at the centre of the bizarre happenings. The researcher enlists the help of experienced investigator Guy Lyon Playfair, who at first believes the case to be a scam - that is, until he comes into contact with the malevolent presence himself.
Say Uncle=2005-07-10=A young artist (Peter Paige), desperate to replace the relationship he had with his recently relocated godson, is targeted by a neighborhood mom (Kathy Najimy) as a potential threat to the community.
Diabolik=1968-01-23=One of the great comic book movies of all time from director Mario Bava.
The Elephant Man=1980-10-02="A Victorian surgeon rescues a heavily disfigured man being mistreated by his ""owner"" as a side-show freak. Behind his monstrous façade, there is revealed a person of great intelligence and sensitivity. Based on the true story of Joseph Merrick (called John Merrick in the film), a severely deformed man in 19th century London."
King Arthur: Legend of the Sword=2017-04-27=When the child Arthur’s father is murdered, Vortigern, Arthur’s uncle, seizes the crown. Robbed of his birthright and with no idea who he truly is, Arthur comes up the hard way in the back alleys of the city. But once he pulls the sword Excalibur from the stone, his life is turned upside down and he is forced to acknowledge his true legacy... whether he likes it or not.
Watermelon Man=1970-01-01=Jeff Gerber, an insurance agent, lives in a typical suburban neighborhood. He is also both racist and a fitness freak. But Jeff's bigoted world of taunting and harassing black people on and off the job is turned upside down when his skin inexplicably turns dark overnight. As Jeff tries to come to terms with this unexplained phenomenon that has befallen him, he soon becomes the victim himself when all of his friends and neighbors suddenly shun and harass him. This puts a strain on his marriage and loyal wife Althea, who begins to crack under the pressure. When all medical attempts to change his skin back to his former color fail, Jeff accepts that Kharma has caught up with him. Jeff tries to see the light of being a persecuted black man in this cruel and segregated world with the help of some of some new black friends, some of whom were people he, as a white man, taunted and harassed.
B.A.P.S.=1997-03-28="Can two clueless Georgia homegirls with big hearts -- and even bigger hair -- find happiness, fame and thrills in the swank hills of Beverly? Anything is possible when you are B.A.P.'s. They revive Blakemore's interest for life, and he teaches them to be ""Black American Princesses"" in return."
L'oro di Roma=1961-11-26=L'oro di Roma (internationally released as Gold of Rome) is a 1961 Italian war - drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani. The film is based on actual events related to the Nazi roundup in the ghetto of Rome, in October 1943.
Muhammad: Legacy of a Prophet=2002-01-01=Tells the story of the seventh century prophet who changed world history in 23 years, and continues to shapes the lives of more than 1.2 billion people. The film takes viewers not only to ancient Middle Eastern sites where Muhammad's story unfolds, but into the homes, mosques and workplaces of some of America's estimated seven million Muslim to discover the many ways in which they follow Muhammad's example.
재심=2017-02-15=A taxi driver is found dead, and Hyun-woo, the only witness, charged with a murder and serves 10 years in prison. While offering pro bono services, a lawyer Junyoung meets Hyun-woo, and they begin their journey to prove his innocence.
Любовь и голуби=1984-01-07=Shown a life in the remote siberian village. Vasia, who never leave his family, village, comes to pass summer holiday on the Black Sea. New world, new people - so, hi's temted by a half-crazy woman (Raisa Zaharovna). And after short time Vasia returns to his wife and children.
Служебный роман=1977-10-26=Anatoli Yefremovich Novoseltsev works in a statistics institution, whose director is an unattractive and bossy woman. An old friend of his, Yuri Grigorievich Samokhvalov, who gets appointed assistant director of the institution, wants to make Novoseltsev the head of the department but encounters objections from Ludmila Prokopievna Kalugina, the director. Samokhvalov then advises Novoseltsev to lightly hit on the boss. Ironically, Novoseltsev and Kalugina fall in love with each other...
Ice Age: A Mammoth Christmas=2011-11-24=When Sid accidentally destroys Manny's heirloom Christmas rock and ends up on Santa's naughty list, he leads a hilarious quest to the North Pole to make things right and ends up making things much worse. Now it's up to Manny and his prehistoric posse to band together and save Christmas for the entire world!
Gli occhi freddi della paura=1971-04-06="Against a backdrop of Swingin' 60s London a young playboy type ""steals"" a beautiful Italian girl from her elderly date and suggests she comes back to his place for some good times. ""His place"" being owned by his father, a rich and respected solicitor. Unfortunately a couple of criminals have plans of their own, one for money, the other for revenge, and the lovers end up prisoners in a tense siege situation"
늑대소년=2012-10-31=Summoned by an unexpected phone call, an elderly woman visits the country cottage she lived in as a child. Memories of an orphan boy she knew 47 years ago come flooding back to her.
Đavolji raj=1989-01-01=World War II finally reaches a Yugoslavian lake, where a lifeguard shelters a refugee and her son.
The Forsyte Saga=1967-01-01=Adaptation from John Galsworthy's novels.
Wait until spring Bandini=1989-11-01=Rocklin Colorado, 1925. A hard cold winter. Young Arturo Bandini loves his father Svevo, his mother Maria and his brothers. Even though his bricklayer father wastes the little money he has in the Imperial Poolhall and his time with the rich American widow, Hildegarde. Even though his beautiful and pious mother lets his father get away with that, even if his little brother wets the bed. Arturo loves them all. He also loves to play baseball, even though he has to wait until spring. And he also loves the movies ... and Rosa. But she doesn't love him ...
Hoří, má panenko=1967-12-15=When a group of small-town firemen find out that their chief is retiring, they organize a party to end all parties. But as soon as the celebration commences, the attendees experience one disaster after another, including stolen raffle prizes, unwilling beauty contestants and even a fire.
The Coconut Revolution=2000-12-31=The movie tells the story of the successful uprising of the indigenous peoples of Bougainville Island against the Papua New Guinea army and the mining plans of the mining corporation Rio Tinto Zinc (RTZ) to exploit their natural resources. The documentary reveals how the Bougainville Revolutionary Army (BRA) managed to overcome the marine blockade strategy used by the Papuan army by using coconut oil as fuel for their vehicles.
Green Zone=2010-03-11=During the U.S.-led occupation of Baghdad in 2003, Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller and his team of Army inspectors were dispatched to find weapons of mass destruction believed to be stockpiled in the Iraqi desert. Rocketing from one booby-trapped and treacherous site to the next, the men search for deadly chemical agents but stumble instead upon an elaborate cover-up that threatens to invert the purpose of their mission.
La belle captive=1983-02-16=Walter is told by his boss, Sara, to deliver an urgent letter to Henri de Corinthe. On the way he finds a beautiful woman he had been eying in a nightclub, lying in the road, bound up. He takes her to a villa to get a doctor, and ends up being locked in a bedroom with her. While she is making love to him, he has visions of surrealistic images from René Magritte's paintings. In the morning, the girl, Marie-Ange, has vanished, the villa looks derelict, and his neck is bleeding. Was it all just a nightmare?
The 39 Steps=1935-06-01="While on vacation in London, Canadian Richard Hannay becomes embroiled in an international spy ring related to the mysterious ""39 steps."" Then he meets agent Annabella Smith, who is soon killed in his apartment. He must elude the police, who are hunting him for murder, while he tries to stop Professor Jordan from sending secrets out of the country. Hannay is assisted by Pamela, an unwilling accomplice who discovers the truth."
Supersonic=2016-10-02=From award-winning director Mat Whitecross and featuring extensive unseen archive footage, Supersonic charts the meteoric rise of Oasis from the council estates of Manchester to some of the biggest concerts of all time in just three short years.  This palpable, raw and moving film shines a light on one of the most genre and generation-defining British bands that has ever existed, and features candid new interviews with Noel and Liam Gallagher, their mother, and members of the band and road crew.
Mies vailla menneisyyttä=2002-03-01="The second part of Aki Kaurismäki's ""Finland"" trilogy, the film follows a man who arrives in Helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia. Unable to remember his name or anything from his past life, he cannot get a job or an apartment, so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track."
Immensee=1943-12-26=Elisabeth’s great love is Reinhart, a budding musician.  They spent a happy childhood together on the Immensee.  And although he loves her, too, he leaves Immensee to take up his studies in Hamburg.  For a long time, no one knows what’s become of him; until they meet once again at Immensee.  Happy about this meeting, Elisabeth visits him in Hamburg.  But she finds city life to be strange and confusing; and so, she returns back home disappointed.  Finally, Erich, who has waited for her a long time, confesses to her, that he’s in love with her.  When Eric’s father dies and he inherits the farm, he asks Elisabeth to marry him.  When he eventually dies, Elisabeth stays loyal to him even in death.  Now that the famous director Reinhart is ready to show her his affections, she’s not to be swayed.
Camarón=2005-11-04=The movie will cover the life of Camarón de la Isla (Jaenada), the legendary Spanish flamenco cantaor, from his beginning until his death. It tells around the relationships Camarón de la Isla struck up with people such as his wife La Chispa (Sánchez) and guitarists Paco de Lucía, Tomatito and Paco Cepero. Written by Joseklo
Usain Bolt, La Légende=2012-07-27=I told you all I was going to be No. 1, and I did just that Usain Bolt There is no athlete that can compete with him...he s a global superstar Michael Johnson In this extraordinary film, director Gael Leibland spends a year chronicling every minute of the life of athletics champion and cultural icon Usain Bolt. Granted unprecedented access, Leibland follows Bolt behind the scenes as he attempts to smash records and make history at the 2012 Olympic Games. Through in-depth interviews with Bolt, his family and friends, Bolt: The Movie takes you on a journey into the life of the fastest man on the planet and is a no-holds-barred account of what it is like to be the very best.
Speaking Parts=1989-09-29=A struggling actor's job as a hotel custodian is a front for his real job: being rented out as a gigolo by his supervisor. A co-worker is obsessed with him, but he ignores and avoids her. He leaves his acting resume in the hotel room of a screenwriter, who is casting for a TV movie based on the true story of her deceased brother. She hires him to play the lead and the two begin an affair. She becomes increasingly distraught as it becomes evident that the movie's producer is changing her story. Egoyan's trademark tangle of bizarre relationships surrounds the protagonists on their way to a mind-blowing conclusion.
Usturoi=2014-06-27=A Gypsy boy of the Onion clan and his Romanian friend in a village lost in Transylvania decide to flee to the big city to become actors. This seems the best way to get some easy money to rid themselves of the excruciating poverty and help the Onion clan's older brother get a dowry and marry the daughter of the rich Garlic clan. The two young boys run away from school, in an attempt to create a better life for themselves and their families. The road is beset with adventures as they scour rural Transylvania and its picturesque landscape.
En La Ciudad=2003-11-07=Un grupo de amigos de Barcelona se reúnen casi a diario, pero su amistad es sólo aparente; de hecho, ninguno de ellos conoce a fondo la vida de los demás. La película relata la vida íntima y secreta de cada uno de los personajes, sus sentimientos y deseos más inconfesables.
The Mummy's Ghost=1944-07-07=An Egyptian high priest travels to America to reclaim the bodies of ancient Egyptian princess Ananka and her living guardian mummy Kharis. Learning that Ananka's spirit has been reincarnated into another body, he kidnaps a young woman of Egyptian descent with a mysterious resemblance to the princess. However, the high priest's greedy desires cause him to lose control of the mummy...
The Argyle Secrets=1948-05-07=A framed reporter (William Gargan) and the crooks on his trail scramble to locate a book containing the names of war profiteers and traitors.
Gun Crazy=1950-01-20=Bart Tare is an ex-Army man who has a lifelong fixation with guns, he meets a kindred spirit in sharpshooter Annie Starr and goes to work at a carnival. After upsetting the carnival owner who lusts after Starr, they both get fired. Soon, on Starr's behest, they embark on a crime spree for cash. Subjects of a manhunt, they are tracked by police in the hills Tare enjoyed as a boy.
I Hate Valentine's Day=2009-06-27=A love story set in Manhattan, where a florist who abides by a strict five-date-limit with any man finds herself wanting more with the new restaurateur in town.
Triple Trouble=1918-08-11=As Colonel Nutt is experimenting with explosives, a new janitor is joining his household. The inept janitor proceeds to make life difficult for the rest of staff.
My Life Without Me=2003-03-07=A Pedro Almodovar production in which a fatally ill mother with only two months to live creates a list of things she wants to do before she dies with out telling her family of her illness.
An Affair of the Heart=2012-04-14=The first-ever feature documentary about Grammy® Winning musician, songwriter, actor, and New York Times best-selling author Rick Springfield and his ardently loyal fan base. Film focuses on some universal human desires, such as the importance of connecting with like-minded friends and the ability to create new memories as adults reminiscent of the carefree days of our adolescence. The film highlights Springfield's unique connection with his fans and how this relationship has been a source of happiness, comfort, and inspiration.
Won't Anybody Listen=2001-09-28="NC-17, whose members included Frank Rogala, Vince Rogala, and Robin Canada, spent two decades playing bars in Los Angeles and Orange County. From 1980 to 1990 they were billed as Exude.  They had a college playlist hit with ""Boys Just Want to Have Sex"" and got two videos on MTV. In 1990 they changed their name to NC-17 and revamped their style into a grungier more Floyd-influenced sound.  Filmmaker Dov Kelemer made a documentary of their career struggles. Once the movie was completed--it played on cable, at film festivals, and a few theaters.  It's available from the www.anybodylisten.com site.  NC-17 has since become inactive, as the members have scattered over several different states. Lead vocalist Frank Rogala remains active on the OC music scene."
Philadelphia=1993-12-22=No one would take his case until one man was willing to take on the system. Two competing lawyers join forces to sue a prestigious law firm for AIDS discrimination. As their unlikely friendship develops their courage overcomes the prejudice and corruption of their powerful adversaries.
Edipo re=1967-09-02=In pre-war Italy, a young couple have a baby boy. The father, however, is jealous of his son - and the scene moves to antiquity, where the baby is taken into the desert to be killed. He is rescued, given the name Edipo (Oedipus), and brought up by the King and Queen of Corinth as their son. One day an oracle informs Edipo that he is destined to kill his father and marry his mother. Horrified, he flees Corinth and his supposed parents - only to get into a fight and kill an older man on the road...
Milou en Mai=1990-01-24=An eccentric family is re-united during the 1968 general strike in France, after the death of the grandmother.
2:37=2006-05-26=A contemporary, ensemble drama telling the complex tale of six high school students whose lives are interwoven with situations that so many of today's youth are faced with. The story takes place during a normal school day. At precisely 2:37 a tragedy will occur, affecting the lives of a group of students and their teachers. As the story unfolds, the individual stories of the six teenagers are revealed, each with its own explosive significance. An unwanted pregnancy unravels a terrible, dark secret; all is not as it appears for the seemingly confident school football hero; an outcast must deal with everyday taunts from his peers; a beautiful young girl battles an eating disorder; a stellar student constantly struggles to win his parents' approval; while another uses drugs to escape from his own demons.
The Son-Daughter=1932-12-23=Young Asians in San Francisco find their love thwarted by clan warfare.
South of the Border=2009-09-07=A road trip across five countries to explore the social and political movements as well as the mainstream media's misperception of South America while interviewing seven of its elected presidents.
Do Dooni Chaar=2010-10-08=A middle-class father in India struggles through a series of unexpected events for upholding respect and smiles.
LEGO DC Super Hero Girls: Brain Drain=2017-08-30=When Supergirl, Wonder Woman, Batgirl, Bumblebee and Katana suddenly realize they cannot remember a single moment from their Monday at Super Hero High, the young DC Super Heroes spring into sleuthing action! Suspecting foul-play, they band together to retrace their steps and uncover the mystery of who exactly stole their memories – and what nefarious plan might be afoot?
Blackball=2003-05-18=Blackball follows the fortunes of Cliff Starkey, a working-class fine of lawn bowls with an exceptional talent. Wanting to take on the Aussies he manages to become regional champion, only to get banned. Sports agent Rich Schwartz picks him up and makes him so popular the Bowls Committee deem to lift the ban. Now the question is whether he can regain his form and his friends to beat the Aussies.
Taking Earth=2017-05-01=The human race is thrown into chaos as an alien invasion takes control of the planet in an effort to find one boy out of 7 billion people who holds the power to destroy them.
Operazione San Gennaro=1966-01-01=A pair of Americans want to perform the greatest robbery: the treasure of San Genaro, in Napoli.
Priest=2011-05-05=In an alternate world, humanity and vampires have warred for centuries. After the last Vampire War, the veteran Warrior Priest lives in obscurity with other humans inside one of the Church's walled cities. When the Priest's niece is kidnapped by vampires, the Priest breaks his vows to hunt them down. He is accompanied by the niece's boyfriend, who is a wasteland sheriff, and a former Warrior Priestess.
Casual Relations=1974-03-22=In Rappaport’s dazzling and bizarre feature-length debut, he focuses on states of imaginative possession and dispossession, demonstrating how impossible it is to separate fantasies, dreams, and realities.
Joulupukki ja noitarumpu=1996-12-24=A few days before Christmas Eve the last sack of letters arrives to Santa. At the bottom is a letter that is a bit older than the others, it's a drawing. While the curious Santa tries to figure out what the drawing looks like, strange things begin to happen.
Ameerika suvi=2016-09-09="""American summer"" is a road movie about life. It is loosely based on the adventures of real Eastern European university students selling books door to door in United States."
Back in Action=1993-01-01=Two men have different motivations but the same goal when they team up and mount an assault on a powerful drug gang.
Living in the Age of Airplanes=2015-04-25=LIVING IN THE AGE OF AIRPLANES offers a fresh perspective on a modern-day miracle that many of us take for granted: flying. Narrated by Harrison Ford and featuring an original score from Academy Award® winning composer James Horner, the film takes viewers to 18 countries across all seven continents to illuminate how airplanes have empowered a century of global connectedness our ancestors could never have imagined.
Framom främsta linjen=2004-03-05=A movie based on real wartime diaries tells the story of the Swedish speaking Finns' infantry regiment 61. The story follows the regiment during the Continuation War from 1942 to 1944 and from Syväri to the Karelian Isthmus where they faced some of the most grueling battles against the Soviet Union.
Tai-Pan=1986-11-07=The film begins following the British victory of the first Opium War and the seizure of Hong Kong. Although the island is largely uninhabited and the terrain unfriendly, it has a large port that both the British government and various trading companies believe will be useful for the import of merchandise to be traded on mainland China, a highly lucrative market.
Assisted Living=2005-02-02="""Assisted Living"" chronicles a day in the life of Todd, a janitor who spends his days smoking pot and interacting with the residents for his own entertainment. Todd's detachment from his surroundings is compromised only by his unlikely friendship with Mrs. Pearlman, a resident who begins to confuse him with her son. On this particular day, Todd must choose whether or not to play the part. ""Assisted Living"" is shot and staged in a real nursing home and gains much of its unique effect and style from the participation of actual residents and staff members. During much of the film, it is impossible to distinguish between what is real and what is fiction."
The Unbidden=2016-04-22=The Unbidden is a thriller about four women confronted by a mysterious young man who knows a dark secret from their past.
Puppet Master 4=1993-11-24="A young scientist working on an artificial intelligence project is the target of strange gremlin-like creatures, who are out to kill him and thus terminate his research. By coincidence, in one of the rooms he uses, there's a mysterious case containing the puppets of the ""puppet master"". When the puppets are brought to life, they help destroy the creatures."
Finding a Family=2011-10-15=Bright Alex grows up in Michigan proud of his mother, Romanian immigrant Ileana, who became a professor, vowing to make her dream come true by graduating from Harvard. But when mother becomes manic-depressive and repeatedly dumps her medication, Alex each time lands in foster care. At age 16, he gets legal emancipation and vows to take charge of their lives himself
No Love for Johnnie=1961-02-14=Johnnie Byrne is a member of the British Parliament. In his 40s, he's feeling frustrated with his life and his personal as well as professional problems tower up over him. His desires to win the next election are endangered by his constant looking for love and he is faced with the choice of giving up a career in politics or giving up the woman he loves.
Khushi=2003-02-07=Karan, born in Calcutta, and Khushi, born in the small village of Chamoli, are destined to meet despite the distance between the two. Karan wants to go Canada to further her studies--but due to an accident that takes place, he is forced to continue his studies in Mumbai University. Khushi's father believes that for a girl the education that she has receives is enough and now she should stay with him and marry a boy who is ready to be his son-in-law. But Khushi insists on pursuing her education in Mumbai University. At the University Karan's friend Vicky and Khushi's friend Priya are in love, but are having relationship problems. Karan and Khushi decide to help Vicky and Priya come together, but end up making a romantic connection with each other.
Live at the Foxes Den=2013-12-06=A corporate attorney quits his job at a high profile law firm to become the singer at a an old cocktail lounge called the Foxes Den, becoming deeply involved in the lives of its staff and regulars.
Broken Lance=1954-09-25=Cattle baron Matt Devereaux raids a copper smelter that is polluting his water, then divides his property among his sons. Son Joe takes responsibility for the raid and gets three years in prison. Matt dies from a stroke partly caused by his rebellious sons and when Joe gets out he plans revenge.
Cloak and Dagger=1946-09-28=In this Fritz Lang's compelling World War II espionage thriller, Gary Cooper stars as Alvah Jasper, a shy and retiring physics professor at a midwestern university. When government agents press Jasper into joining them in an effort to curtail the Nazis' efforts to attain atomic secrets, his life takes a dramatic turn.
Paris by Night of the Living Dead=2009-01-20=Deux jeunes mariés vont devoir survivre dans un Paris post-apocalyptique infesté de zombies. L'amour triomphera t-il de la mort ?
L'Idéal=2016-06-15=Octave Parango, the former concept creator/editor of 99 francs has become a model scout in Moscow. This cynical hedonist leads a very pleasant life in the arms of young Russian models and in the private jets of his oligarch friends... until the day that he is contacted by The Ideal, the world's leading cosmetic's firm, embroiled in a huge media scandal. Our antihero has seven days to find a new muse by traveling through the confines of post-Communist Russia, under the orders of Valentine Winfield, a hard and authoritarian visual director.
Don't Make Waves=1967-06-20=New York tourist Tony Curtis falls asleep on a Southern California beach on his first night in the West and wakes up to The New Phantasmagoria--catamarans, surfers (including a dog), bodybuilders, acrobats, motorcycle chicken races, a nut fishing in the shallows . . . and Sharon Tate as a skydiver named Malibu who gives Curtis the rapture of artificial respiration when he is conked on the head by a flying surfboard.
ช็อคโกแลต=2008-02-06=An autistic woman with powerful martial art skills looks to settle her ailing mother's debts by seeking out the ruthless gangs that owe her family money.
120=2008-02-15=During the Sarikamis Battle, the Ottoman army runs out of ammunition and appeals to the people of Van for help, who happen to have supplies. However, the First World War is on and all men are fighting at four corners of the empire and therefore can not respond to to the appeal. The young children of Van want to do something...
Spark of Being=2010-11-19=Spark of Being, a close adaptation of Mary Shelley’s Gothic novel Frankenstein, explores the thematic interchangeability of three of the novel’s characters: the Captain, the Doctor, and the Creature. Spark of Being, which, as with all of Morrison's films, is dialogue-free, features Frank Hurley's original footage of Ernest Shackleton’s fated Antarctic expedition, along with a range of footage from other sources.
L'Enfer=2005-11-30=Three sisters share a connection to a violent incident from their childhood reunite to for the chance to come to terms with their past.
I.O.U.S.A.=2008-01-19=With the country's debt growing out of control, Americans by and large are unaware of the looming financial crisis. This documentary examines several of the ways America can get its economy back on the right track. In addition to looking at the federal deficit and trade deficit, the film also closely explores the challenges of funding national entitlement programs such as Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
If These Walls Could Talk=1996-10-13=If These Walls Could Talk follows the plights of three different women and their experiences with abortion. Each of the three stories takes place in the same house in three different years: 1952, 1974, and 1996.
Liliom=1934-05-15="Two women love the same man in a world of few prospects. In Budapest, Liliom is a ""public figure,"" a rascal who's a carousel barker, loved by the experienced merry-go-round owner and by a young, innocent maid. The maid, Julie, loses her job after going out with Liliom; he's fired by his jealous employer for going out with Julie. The two lovers move in with Julie's aunt; unemployment emasculates him and a local weasel tempts him with crime. Julie, now wan, is true to Liliom even in his bad temper. Meanwhile, a stolid widower, a carpenter, wants to marry Julie. Is there any future on this earth for Julie and Liliom, whose love is passionate rather than ideal?"
Honeymoon=1947-05-17=A prospective bride and groom have misadventures in Mexico City.
The Hustler=1961-09-25=Fast Eddie Felson is a small-time pool hustler with a lot of talent but a self-destructive attitude. His bravado causes him to challenge the legendary Minnesota Fats to a high-stakes match.
Gojira tai Megaro=1973-03-17=In his 13th film, Godzilla takes a supporting role to the far more prominently featured  Jet Jaguar, an Ultra-Man like robot. Aliens take control of Earth's monsters and begin using them to destroy the human race. Jet Jaguar decides to stop the attack by recruiting Godzilla and enlarging himself to Monster-size.
Seventy-Nine=2013-09-07=In an abandoned mental institution, doctors carry out secret experiments on unsuspecting patients. The experiments, codenamed Limes, are designed to cure violent episodes within the inmates through new methods of brainwashing and mind manipulation. It is soon discovered by the families of the patients that this is no ordinary hospital.
Paap=2003-12-20=The story is about a young girl, Kaya (Udita Goswami) , living in the beautifully serene valley of Spiti, waiting to join a Buddhist monastery, an idea which has been fed to her all her life by her father (Mohan Agashe) and one which she has never questioned. When Lama Norbu, a senior lama from the monastery has a dream that the Buddhist teacher, the Rinpoche has been reborn as a young child, he sends Kaya to Delhi on a mission to bring him back to the monastery.
Teenage Angst=2008-01-01=At an elite private Border School four students form a clique to sneak out of school after hours to meet, drink and play. By trying to escape the golden cage which their wealthy parents have stuck them in, they search for the Extreme. In the course of time their excessive games grow more and more violent and soon they turn against the weakest of the group.
Wu du=1978-08-12=A kung-fu student is instructed by his dying teacher to track down five of the teacher's ex-students. Each of the five is equipped with a lethal martial arts skill, and the teacher fears this might be used for evil purposes. However, not only does the teacher not know the identity of the students (who all wore masks under his training), but some of the students also don't know each other!
Walking and Talking=1996-07-17="Things have been tough lately for Amelia. Her best friend moved out of the apartment, her cat got cancer, and now her best friend, Laura, is getting married. She copes with things, from the help of Andrew, Frank, Laura, and a brief romance with Bill ""The Ugly Guy""."
La rupture=1970-08-26=An innocent woman falls prey to the machinations of her abusive husband, his wealthy father, and a shady family friend.
Ladybug Ladybug=1963-12-23=Staff and students at a rural school react to a warning of an imminent nuclear attack, not knowing whether it is real or mistaken.
Fender Bender=2016-05-23=In a small New Mexico town, a 17-year-old high school girl who just got her driver’s license gets into her first Fender Bender, innocently exchanging her personal information with an apologetic stranger.  Later that stormy night, she is joined in her desolate suburban home by a couple of her school friends who try their best to make a night out of it, only to be visited by the stranger she so willingly handed all of her information to — a terrifying and bizarre serial killer who stalks the country’s endless miles of roads and streets with his old rusty car, hungrily searching for his next unsuspecting victim.
T2 3-D: Battle Across Time=1996-01-01=Three freedom fighters attack a large corporation to prevent a future apocalypse.
The Climb=2002-01-01=A pair of mismatched rock climbers must learn to work together to conquer one of the world's most treacherous mountains in this adventure tale. After rescuing a wealthy man, solo climbers Michael and Derrick are rewarded with a chance to summit Mount Chicanagua. Risk-taker Derrick clashes with safety-conscious Michael, but in order to live through the ordeal they must work as a team.
Ismael=2013-12-26=An 8-year-old boy tracks down his father.
The Gaucho=1927-11-21=A girl is saved by a miracle after she falls from a cliff in the Argentine Andes, and is blessed with healing powers. A shrine is built on the site, and a whole city grows around it, rich with gold from the grateful worshipers. Ruiz, an evil and sadistic general, captures the city, confiscates the gold, and closes the shrine. But the Gaucho, the charismatic leader of a band of outlaws, comes to the rescue.
Xing mu zi gu huo zhao=1979-10-23=Tung Wei (18 Fatal Strikes Enter The Dragon) is a lad who wants to learn kung fu. He trains in two different styles: Hung Gar and Wing Chun. Everything is fine until a jealous master creates a rift between Tung's two teachers, and he has to choose sides. But a bigger problem looms ahead. The Tiger Master, played by Philip Ko (Dragon On Fire, Fearless Dragons), wants to fight both men to the death. They're no match for him, so Tung goes to the one man who can train him properly: Sammo Hung
The Dead and the Damned=2011-07-26=A meteor lands in Jamestown California in 1849 during the gold rush. It is found by miners who release it's spoors which turn the population into blood thirsty mutants.
Whores' Glory=2011-09-09=Tells several stories of prostitution around the world. The documentary revolves around the lives and individual hopes, needs and experiences of the women.
돈의 맛=2012-05-17=In this suspenseful erotic drama, the private male secretary and lover of Madam Baek, a Korean conglomerate's middle-aged matriarch, falls for her more genuine daughter. Meanwhile, Madam Baek's husband has an affair with the Filipino nanny.
Incubus=1966-10-26=On a strange island inhabited by demons and spirits, a man battles the forces of evil.
Sose halunk meg!=1993-01-15=This story has a horse-race fan main character who sells clothes-hangers On one trip, a young, teenager boy relative goes with him. They have a lot of adventures as they become friends. Girls, dance and horse-racing are the themes while they sell the clothes-hangers this summer...
Umbracle=1972-01-01=This film turns on two basic axes: the inquiry into ways of cinematographic representation and a critical image of official Spain at the time of the Franco dictatorship. “Montage of attractions” and Brechtianism in strong doses. Umbracle is made up of fragments (some are archive footage) that resound rather than progress by unusual links, with dejá vu scenes that promise us more but remain tensely unfinished. Jonathan Rosembaun said: “few directors since Resnais have played so ruthlessly with the unconscious narrative expectations to bug us”. Learning from the feeling of strangeness caused by Rossellini as he threw well known actors into savage scenery in southern Europe.  Portabella makes Christopher Lee wander around a dream-like Barcelona. Without a doubt Portabella’s most structurally complex and most profoundly political film, that is ferociously poetic. — pereportabella.com
Arabella, mereröövli tütar=1983-08-22=Arabella is a daughter of the world's most terrifying pirate captain. She loves her father but also dreams about a life of a usual girl. One day a weird stranger is saved from the sea who will be the only friend of Arabella. At the same time a rival pirate called Raudpats plans to kidnap the girl. Will she be safe and can she ever live a normal life?
Klassefesten 2 - begravelsen=2014-02-06=Thomas is finally getting married, and Andreas has arranged a bachelor party of the century... he thinks. But a shocking death during Thomas' bachelor party sends the three friends off on an unforgettable trip to a funeral; they probably won't be forgiven for. Speed-Dating, infidelity and near death experiences put their relationship on a serious test. The question is whether the three friends will survive the trip and the funeral - and will they make it home in time for Thomas' wedding.
Времена года=1975-01-01=Film-essay about shepherds living in the Armenian highlands, about the contradiction and the harmony between man and nature.
To the Bone=2017-01-22=A young woman dealing with anorexia meets an unconventional doctor who challenges her to face her condition and embrace life.
Jerry Seinfeld: I'm Telling You for the Last Time=1998-01-01="Taped for HBO in August 1998, on the final date of Jerry Seinfeld's tour appearances at New York City's Broadhurst Theater, I'm Telling You for the Last Time presents the standup comedian's so-called ""final"" standup, or at least his final tour with the standup material that made him famous."
Breaking All the Rules=1985-04-01=The story of two guys and two girls who meet and fall in love in an amusement park on the last day of summer. All the while outwitting 3 moronic would-be jewel thieves.
Comrade X=1940-12-13=An American reporter smuggling news out of Soviet Moscow is blackmailed into helping a beautiful Communist leave the country.
വാനപ്രസ്ഥം=1999-05-13=Kunhikuttan, a famous Kathakali dancer, meets Subhadra, a woman from an upper caste family, who falls in love with his character rather than himself.
Who Killed Captain Alex?=2010-01-01=Recognized as Uganda’s first action film, Who Killed Captain Alex? is about the aftermath of a police raid in Kampala in which a police captain (Alex) and a drug racketeer’s brother are killed. Both sides seek revenge, escalating into war.
Une famille à louer=2015-08-19=Forty-year-old Paul-André is a timid, rather introverted man. Rich but alone, he is deeply bored and ends up concluding that what he needs is a family. Violette, a forty-year-old full of energy, is threatened with eviction and is afraid she'll lose custody of her two children. Paul-André then proposes a totally above the board contract to rent the family in exchange for him paying off Violette's debts. For better and for worse..
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix=2007-06-28=Returning for his fifth year of study at Hogwarts, Harry is stunned to find that his warnings about the return of Lord Voldemort have been ignored. Left with no choice, Harry takes matters into his own hands, training a small group of students – dubbed 'Dumbledore's Army' – to defend themselves against the dark arts.
Земля=1930-04-08=In the peaceful countryside, Vassily opposes the rich kulaks over the coming of collective farming.
Lotus Eaters=2013-04-05=Story follows a group of young Londoners as they struggle to find meaning in their lives while masking their discontent with sex, drugs, and rock ‘n roll.
Taare Zameen Par=2007-12-21=Ishaan Awasthi is an eight-year-old whose world is filled with wonders that no one else seems to appreciate. Colours, fish, dogs, and kites don't seem important to the adults, who are much more interested in things like homework, marks, and neatness. Ishaan cannot seem to get anything right in class; he is then sent to boarding school, where his life changes forever.
When the Road Bends: Tales of a Gypsy Caravan=2006-04-30=A brief look into Romany culture and Rom (Gypsies) from around the globe as five famous Romany groups tour the USA.
Eyes of Laura Mars=1978-08-02=A famous fashion photographer develops a disturbing ability to see through the eyes of a killer.
The Boys in Company C=1978-02-02=Disheartened by futile combat, appalled by the corruption of their South Vietnamese ally, and constantly endangered by the incompetence of their own company commander, the young men find a possible way out of the war. They are told that if they purposely lose a soccer game against a South Vietnamese team, they can spend the rest of their tour playing exhibition games behind the lines.
Ghaedeye tasadof=2013-03-15=The Rule of Accident is about a group of theatre students who are trying to prepare and present a piece of theatre.
Présentation ou Charlotte et son steak=1960-01-01=Two young people, Walter and Charlotte, are walking through a small village in Switzerland a snowy winter day. Walter introduces Charlotte to Clara, hoping to make Charlotte jealous. After saying good-bye to Clara, Walter accompanies Charlotte into her house, although she doesn't want him to. Charlotte is hungry and cooks a steak. She asks Walter if he wants a piece of it. He says no, but she gives him a small piece anyway. He wants a kiss, and she says no. She starts to compare herself with Clara, who Walter agrees is more beautiful. In spite of this, Walter says he likes Charlotte much more, but she thinks he is lying. She notices that he is cold and shivering. She hugs him, he kisses her, and she starts kissing him. After leaving the house he accompanies her to the train.
Beowulf & Grendel=2005-09-14=The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster.
The Man With Bogart's Face=1980-10-03=In The Man With Bogart's Face, an affectionate send-up of the Bogart detective films of the 1940s, Robert Sacchi plays a man who idolizes Humphrey Bogart so much he has his features altered to look exactly like his idol. He then opens up a detective agency under the name Sam Marlowe (an amalgam of the names of Bogart's characters from The Maltese Falcon and The Big Sleep).
Cover-Up=1991-02-22=Mike Anderson, a tough American reporter on a dangerous foreign assignment, finds his own life in jeopardy when he uncovers a deadly labyrinth of political intrigue that threatens the lives of thousands. Dispatched to investigate a mysterious and fatal attack on an overseas US naval base, Anderson, a leading investigative journalist and ex-US marine, finds himself back on familiar ground. Instinct makes him question the official CIA explanation that cites an unknown terrorist group called Black October. Alone, and armed only with his combat training and determination to uncover the truth, he sets out to expose a complex and dangerous political web.
Nueba Yol=1995-08-16=Balbuena is a genial illegal immigrant who makes his way to New York City to take a bite out of the Big Apple. But his hopes of finding a better life soon begin to fade as Balbuena encounters one obstacle after another in the hardscrabble, uncaring metropolis.
Добро пожаловать, или Посторонним вход воспрещен=1964-10-07=A satirical comedy about the excessive restrictions that children face during their vacation in a Young Pioneer camp.
The Man Who Could Work Miracles=1936-02-19=George McWhirter Fotheringay, while vigorously asserting the impossibility of miracles, suddenly discovers that he can perform them. After being thrown out of a bar for what is thought to be a trick, he tests his powers and eventually sends a policeman to Hades by accident. Worried, he sends the police officer to San Francisco, and seeks advice from the local clergyman, Mr Maydig. Maydig, after having Fotheringay's powers demonstrated to him, quickly planning for reform of the world by means of miracle, but eventually Fotheringay orders a miracle which, due to clumsy wording, backfires. He relinquishes his power and returns to the time before he had it.
Freche Mädchen=2008-07-17=Three teen-aged girlfriends navigate multiple love triangles.
The Man in the White Suit=1951-08-07=The unassuming, nebbishy inventor Sidney Stratton creates a miraculous fabric that will never be dirty or worn out. Clearly he can make a fortune selling clothes made of the material, but may cause a crisis in the process. After all, once someone buys one of his suits they won't ever have to fix them or buy another one, and the clothing industry will collapse overnight. Nevertheless, Sidney is determined to put his invention on the market, forcing the clothing factory bigwigs to resort to more desperate measures...
Felidae=1994-11-03=A domestic house cat named Francis investigates the grisly feline murders taking place in his new neighborhood.
Prom Night IV: Deliver Us from Evil=1992-02-14=Carrying on the Prom Night tradition, this film begins back at Hamilton High School on Prom Night in 1957. As a young couple are enjoying a romantic moment together in the back seat of a car, they are interrupted by Father Jonas, a priest who slashes and immolates the lovers. Thirty years later, Jonas gets loose from the chapel basement where the church fathers had been secretly keeping him locked up and drugged. As luck would have it, it's prom night again, and group of four students have unfortunately chosen Jonas's hideout as their secluded getaway spot.
Per pochi dollari ancora=1966-10-07=Near the end of the Civil War, imprisoned Confederate raider Giuliano Gemma is sent under guard to warn both his men and the Army at Fort Yuma that an impending rebel raid is really nothing but a ruse by scoundrels from both sides, in cahoots to take the fort's gold for themselves during the chaos. Soon Gemma slips his treacherous escort and attempts to complete the mission himself.
Un baiser s'il vous plaît=2007-06-06="When Gabriel and Emilie meet by chance, he offers her a ride, and they spend the evening talking, laughing and getting along famously. At the end of the night, Emilie declines Gabriel's offer of ""a kiss without consequences"". Emilie admonishes him that the kiss could have unexpected consequences, and tells him a story, unfolding in flashbacks, about the impossibility of indulging your desires without affecting someone else's life."
Dead Fish=2005-10-11=Gary Oldman is Lynch, a strangely charming hit man in this explosively funny dark comedy in the tradition of Snatch and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. With an all-star cast including Terence Stamp, Elena Anaya, Robert Carlyle and Billy Zane, Dead Fish is a chaotic tale of criminals looking for love, money and revenge that will have you falling out of your chair laughing!
Eat=2014-07-06=Novella McClure is like most struggling actresses in Los Angeles: she's in her early 30s, her fake name sounded cooler ten years ago, and she hasn't landed a role in three years. To top it all off, she's developed a disturbing habit of eating her own flesh. Novella desperately tries to hide her strange condition from her motherly landlord, Eesha, and somewhat psychopathic best friend, Candice, but her body and mind continue to deteriorate in the depressing world of failed auditions and sketchy night clubs. Can a romantic relationship with her psychiatrist prevent her from self destruction? Or will her fatal habit continue to eat away at her?
Who Done It?=1942-11-06=Two dumb soda jerks dream of writing radio mysteries. When they try to pitch an idea at a radio station, they end up in the middle of a real murder when the station owner is killed during a broadcast.
Life, Above All=2010-05-19=A touching mother-daughter relationship that reflects the modern South Africa.
Little Dorrit=1987-12-11=A drama based on the novel by Charles Dickens which tells the story of Arthur Clennam who is thrown into a debtor's prison. There he meets a young seamstress whose father has been imprisoned for twenty-five years. A film in originally released in two parts.
The Kentucky Fried Movie=1977-08-10=A series of loosely connected skits that spoof news programs, commercials, porno films, kung-fu films, disaster films, blaxploitation films, spy films, mafia films, and the fear that somebody is watching you on the other side of the TV.
The Two Mrs. Carrolls=1947-03-04=Struggling artist Geoffrey Carroll meets Sally while on holiday in the country. A romance develops, but he doesn't tell her he's already married. Suffering from mental illness, Geoffrey returns home where he paints an impression of his wife as the angel of death and then promptly poisons her. He marries Sally but after a while he finds a strange urge to paint her as the angel of death too and history seems about to repeat itself.
風の大陸=1992-06-21=Three adventurers - a warrior, a priest, and a young woman - traverse a land devastated by centuries of environmental calamaties searching only for a way to survive. In their journeys they stumble across first the remains of a band of desperate treasure-hunters, and then the treasure they were seeking: Azec Sistra, the legendeary City of the Dead. Unfortunately, the bandits responsible for slaughtering the treasure-hunters have also found their way to the city, but more worrisome still are the guardians which protect Azec Sistra from those who would violate the spirits at rest there. . .
La regina degli uomini pesce=1995-01-01="A ""sequel"" to Island of the Fishmen (L'isola degli uomini pesce) that opts for a kitchen sink approach blending Italian post-apocalyptic, fantasy and kids movie genres."
The Son of No One=2011-11-04=A rookie cop is assigned to the 118 Precinct in the same district where he grew up. The Precinct Captain starts receiving letters about two unsolved murders that happened many years ago in the housing projects when the rookie cop was just a kid. These letters bring back bad memories and old secrets that begin to threaten his career and break up his family.
The Tall Target=1951-08-17="A detective tries to prevent the assassination of a mysterious ""tall man"" during a train ride."
Finding Neverland=2004-10-17=Finding Neverland is an amusing drama about how the story of Peter Pan and Neverland came to be. During a writing slump play writer J.M. Barrie meets the widowed Sylvia and her three children who soon become an important part of Barrie’s life and the inspiration that lead him to create his masterpiece “Peter Pan.”
Astérix et Cléopâtre=1968-12-16=Popular animated hero Asterix and his faithful sidekick Obelix travel to ancient Egypt to help Cleopatra build a new summer home. Cleopatra and Julius Caesar have made a bet, with Caesar wagering the project cannot be completed in a few weeks time. With the help of a magic potion, Asterix comes to the rescue of the Queen of the Nile as Caesar and an angry architect plot against them.
The Whistle Blower=1986-11-21=A war veteran tries to investigate the murder of his son who was working as a Russian translator for the British intelligence service during the Cold War. He meets a web of deception and paranoia that seems impenetrable...
Une nouvelle amie=2014-09-06=A young woman makes a surprising discovery about the husband of her late best friend.
Reunion in France=1942-12-25=Frenchwoman Michele de la Becque, an opponent of the Nazis in German-occupied Paris, hides a downed American flyer, Pat Talbot, and attempts to get him safely out of the country.
Bereavement=2010-07-16=In 1989, six year old Martin Bristoll was kidnapped from his backyard swing in Minersville Pennsylvania. Graham Sutter, a psychotic recluse, kept Martin imprisoned on his derelict pig farm, forcing him to witness and participate in unspeakable horrors. Chosen at random, his victim's screams were drowned out by the rural countryside. For five years, Martin's whereabouts have remained a mystery, until 17 year old Allison Miller (Alexandra Daddario) comes to live with her Uncle, Jonathan (Michael Biehn). While exploring her new surroundings, Allison discovers things aren't quite right at the farmhouse down the road. Her curiosity disturbs a hornet's nest of evil and despair that once torn open, can never be closed. Starring Michael Biehn, Brett Rickaby, Alexandra Daddario, and John Savage. Written and Directed by Stevan Mena
Dishonored Lady=1947-05-16=Madeleine Damien is the fashion editor of a slick Manhattan magazine by day and a lively party girl by night. Unfortunately, the pressures of her job, including kowtowing to a hefty advertiser, and her bad luck with men are driving her to a breakdown. She seeks the help of a psychiatrist, and under his orders, quits her job and moves into a smaller flat under a new identity. She becomes interested in painting and a handsome neighbor. He soon finds out about her past when an ex-suitor implicates her in a murder.
Der Fußgänger=1973-09-05=This film is about a man who committed a terrible crime during war and is now old and somehow sorry for what he did. The story about the preparations for his trial are described from different points of view, also from his.
Cartel Land=2015-07-03="In the Mexican state of Michoacán, Dr. Jose Mireles, a small-town physician known as ""El Doctor,"" shepherds a citizen uprising against the Knights Templar, the violent drug cartel that has wreaked havoc on the region for years. Meanwhile, in Arizona's Altar Valley—a narrow, 52-mile-long desert corridor known as Cocaine Alley—Tim ""Nailer"" Foley, an American veteran, heads a small paramilitary group called Arizona Border Recon, whose goal is to halt Mexico’s drug wars from seeping across our border."
Xiao Wu=1997-01-01=Little pocket thief Wu never got away from the streets like his friends did. He realises that he is alone, as his old buddy doesn't invite him for his wedding. When he falls in love with a hooker he is forced to think about his future. Can he break with his criminal past?
Khartoum=1966-06-09=English General Charles George Gordon, a devout Christian, is appointed military governor of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan by the Prime Minister. Ordered to evacuate Egyptians from the Sudan, Gordon stays on to protect the people of Khartoum, who are under threat of being conquered by a Muslim army.
最後の忠臣蔵=2010-12-18=An army of loyal samurai plot to revenge their unjustly executed lord
복수는 나의 것=2002-03-29=This is the story of Ryu, a deaf man, and his sister, who requires a kidney transplant. Ryu's boss, Park, has just laid him off, and in order to afford the transplant, Ryu and his girlfriend develop a plan to kidnap Park's daughter. Things go horribly wrong, and the situation spirals rapidly into a cycle of violence and revenge.
차이나타운=2015-04-29=A child abandoned in a subway coin locker is sold to a ruthless and calculating loan shark and gangster boss dubbed “Mother” (Kim Hye-soo), who runs an organ-harvesting ring in Incheon’s Chinatown. Named Il-Young (Kim Go-Eun), the baby girl grows into Mother’s loyal right-hand enforcer and is groomed to be her eventual successor. But when Il-Young’s loyalty to Mother wavers, the clash between the two unleashes a merciless tidal wave of blood-soaked retribution and strife.
Why We Fight: The Battle of Russia=1943-01-01="""The Battle of Russia,"" Chapter V of Frank Capra's ""Why We Fight"" series, follows the beginning of the end for Adolph Hitler."
Les Yeux jaunes des crocodiles=2014-04-09=Two sisters, their families, and sometimes complicated lives.
Equals=2015-07-15=A futuristic love story set in a world where emotions have been eradicated.
Les Rendez-vous d'Anna=1978-10-08=Anna is a film director whose job takes her all over western Europe. In each place she either already has some intimate connection, or readily makes one. People seem drawn to her, but inevitably insist on sharing their inmost secrets and discontents with her, despite her obvious and profound lack of interest in these revelations. This does not deter Anna from continuing to meet people, and she genuinely connects with them occasionally, as when she sees her mother briefly in Brussels.
Het Bombardement=2012-12-19=A thrilling love story between the young boxer Vincent and the German Eva, who soon has to marry with the middle-aged Dirk to save her family. While the war starts in the Netherlands their impossible love inflames. May 14, 1940, the day that the centre of Rotterdam is bombed and the young lovers lose sight of each other.
Nobel Son=2007-04-28=Soon after his insufferably arrogant father wins the Nobel Prize for chemistry, Barkley Michaelson is kidnapped by Thaddeus James, a young genius who claims to be Barkley's illegitimate half-brother. Motivated not so much by money as revenge, Thaddeus tries to convince Barkley to help him carry out a multimillion-dollar extortion plot against their patriarch.
Dad's Army=1971-03-12=Dad's Army was a 1971 feature film based on the BBC television sitcom Dad's Army. Directed by Norman Cohen, it was filmed between series three and four and was based upon material from the early episodes of the television series. The film told the story of the Home Guard platoon's formation and their subsequent endeavours at a training exercise.
Repulsion=1965-06-01=In Roman Polanski's first English-language film, beautiful young manicurist Carole suffers from androphobia (the pathological fear of interaction with men). When her sister and roommate, Helen, leaves their London flat to go on an Italian holiday with her married boyfriend, Carole withdraws into her apartment. She begins to experience frightful hallucinations, her fear gradually mutating into madness.
Saludos Amigos=1942-08-24="Live-action segments show members of the Disney staff touring South America and recording their impressions in sketches. These segue into four animated sections: ""Lake Titicaca"" depicts tourist Donald Duck's troubles with a stubborn llama; and in ""Aquarela do Brasil,"" Jose Carioca shows Donald the sights and sound of Rio de Janeiro."
Zapped!=1982-07-23=Peyton and Barney are fun loving high school students working on a science project with white mice. When one of the mice begins to move food toward itself with out touching it, Barney finds he has accidently discovered a formula for telekinetic powers. Now, how much trouble can a high school boy who can move things with just his mind get into?
The Masks of Death=1984-12-23=Holmes (Peter Cushing) and Dr. Watson (John Mills) ponder cases in which the victims seem to have been scared to death.
Teenage Bank Heist=2012-11-09=Cassie works as a teller at the bank where her mother is the branch manager. When the bank is robbed, Cassie is taken hostage. She soon finds out that the bank robbers are teenage girls, one of whom is her best friend, Abbie. In this propulsive real time, ticking clock thriller, as the girls are on the run from the police, we learn that the real motivation behind the robbery is something unexpected.
Light of Day=1987-02-06=Fox and Jett play a brother and sister who are lead performers in a rock band, The Barbusters, in Cleveland, Ohio. The sister, Patti Rasnick, is an unmarried mother and has a troubled relationship with her own mother, who is deeply religious. Estranged from her parents and struggling to make ends meet, Patti decides to dive headlong into a carefree rock music lifestyle. The brother, Joe Rasnick, pulls away from rock music to provide some stability for his young nephew. It takes a family crisis to bring Patti back home and force her to face the prickly past with her mother.
December Boys=2007-09-20=For many years, four teenage orphans at an Australian outback convent have watched their younger comrades find new parents, and realize that they may never be adopted. The Reverend Mother sends the four boys away on a seaside vacation, where they meet Teresa and Fearless, a couple who would make perfect parents. The youths compete with one another to be the one Teresa and Fearless decide to adopt.
Hector=1987-01-01=Hector's parents sent him to an orphanage in treatment for smallpox but... they never picked him up. 35 years later, he still lives in the orphanage, surrounded by children, his playmates. Till a forgotten aunt remembers that he exists. She'll get him to participate in the bakery of her husband, Achilles, to work. Hector shows his skills on the basis of unexpected inventions. So he helps Jos, the son of Achilles, to accomplish his dream to be a cycling champion. Hector's good humor and childlike manner overcomes all resistance and pulls his entire entourage along on the path to success. From now on he can learn what love is...
Amarillo By Morning=1998-01-16=While filming professional bullriders for a commercial at the national rodeo in Houston, Texas, Spike Jonze befriended two suburban teenagers who aspired to be cowboys. The documentary chronicles an afternoon in their lives.
Leviathan=1989-03-17=Underwater deep-sea miners encounter a Soviet wreck and bring back a dangerous cargo to their base on the ocean floor with horrifying results. The crew of the mining base must fight to survive against a genetic mutation that hunts them down one by one.
Lovers and Lollipops=1956-04-18=Ann, an attractive widowed New York model, lives in an apartment with her daughter Peggy. The courtship of Ann by visiting engineer Larry, and accompanying misadventures, are seen alternately from their and Peggy's viewpoint. Filmed realistically at many New York locations
Lootera=2013-04-04="The year is 1953. A visiting archaeologist called Varun Shrivastav comes to the village of Manikpur in West Bengal to excavate the temple grounds of the local Zamindar. With knowledge and experience beyond his young demeanour, Varun greatly impresses the Zamindar and his family. Especially Pakhi, the Zamindar's feisty and only daughter, who finds herself irrevocably drawn towards him. But Varun isn't all he seems on the surface. And as the simmering attraction between him and Pakhi leads to a tender and deep love, he is forced to choose between her and his past. Making his choice, Varun disappears. Pakhi struggles to move on with her life, determined to forget him and their relationship. Until one day, when he returns under the most extraordinary circumstances. Inspired from O. Henry's ""The Last Leaf"", Lootera is the uplifting story of two lovers. Of heartbreak, betrayal... and ultimate redemption."
Tel père, telle fille=2007-08-01=A 30 ans, Bruno, rock-star has been, vit toujours aux crochets de sa petite amie. Les temps sont durs... surtout quand une ex ressurgit de nulle part pour lui apprendre qu'il est le père de Nancy, 13 ans, dont il n'a jamais soupçonné l'existence.
10.000 dollari per un massacro=1967-03-03=Django is hunting the bandit Manuel, because there's a price on his head. But when he meets Manuel, he joins his gang instead for a robbery.
Izbavitelj=1976-10-26=A poor writer discovers that a species of rats has banded together to impersonate humans and supplant them unnoticed, in a manner reminiscent of the transformations in Eugene Ionesco's Rhinoceros, or the covert conspiracy of pod-people in The Invasion of the Body Snatchers. This film's story is based on a book by the Soviet writer Alexander Greene.
Deux hommes dans la ville=1973-10-24=A former bank robber is released after 10 years in prison. He gets help from a social-worker, but gets harassed by an old cop from his past.
The Help=2011-08-09="Aibileen Clark is a middle-aged African-American maid who has spent her life raising white children and has recently lost her only son; Minny Jackson is an African-American maid who has often offended her employers despite her family's struggles with money and her desperate need for jobs; and Eugenia ""Skeeter"" Phelan is a young white woman who has recently moved back home after graduating college to find out her childhood maid has mysteriously disappeared. These three stories intertwine to explain how life in Jackson, Mississippi revolves around ""the help""; yet they are always kept at a certain distance because of racial lines."
A Brief History of Time=1991-10-01=A documentary film based on the life of scientist Steven Hawking. The film explores the intimate life of Steven Hawking through him, his friends and his family, as he goes through school, is diagnosed with a degenerative disease, and discovers revolutionary theories about time, black holes, and the origin of the universe. A visually interesting and at times funny film about a extraordinary life.
The Patriot=2000-06-28=After proving himself on the field of battle in the French and Indian War, Benjamin Martin wants nothing more to do with such things, preferring the simple life of a farmer. But when his son Gabriel enlists in the army to defend their new nation, America, against the British, Benjamin reluctantly returns to his old life to protect his son.
