Chasing Beauty=2013-04-02=CHASING BEAUTY provides a rare glimpse into the intriguing and complex world of modeling. Behind the glossy covers of Vogue and Glamour lie the rarely talked about, uncensored stories of what models endure and sacrifice to become a top model. CHASING BEAUTY examines body image and the psychological effects of the beauty business on young women and men.
Emberek a havason=1942-02-28=Seeking a better life, a Hungarian woodcutter moves his family to the peaceful mountains of Transylvania, but finds only tragedy. This 1940s film takes a detailed and unflinching look at the perils of mountain living, and the realistic approach proved influential to the Neorealist movement in Italian cinema. Hungarian master director Istvan Szots won the Biennale Cup at the Venice Film Festival for his auspicious debut.
Skyskraber=2011-09-15=Jon is 17. He lives in the midst of a claustrophobic world which once seemed destined to become a seething metropolis of high-rise tower blocks and intersections until one day an absurd traffic accident occurs. At the time, Jon was made responsible. He had just turned nine years of age. Ever since, Jon’s father has anxiously watched over Jon’s development. But then one day Jon’s desire is awakened by a girl and, all at once, his oppressive environment begins to change.
OK Connery=1967-04-20=The evil crime syndicate Thanatos is bent on taking over the world, using a magnetic wave generator that will cause all metal-based machinery to grind to a halt. However, the well-known British secret agent normally assigned to such tasks isn't available, so they engage his civilian brother, Neil, to help. Neil, played by Neil Connery, is a world-class plastic surgeon, hypnotist, and lip-reader, which turn out to be precisely the skills required for thwarting Thanatos.
Sebbe=2010-03-12=Duct tape, electrical cables, trigger, explosives. Sebbe never planned to build a bomb. It just happened. Sebbe is 15 years old and lives with his mother in an apartment that is too narrow. He does his best. He never strikes back. Sebbe loves his mother because he knows nothing else. In the junkyard the dream is alive, and in the hands of Sebbe, dead objects come to life. Here he has the power to create. Here he is free - but alone. His isolation grows as his world shrinks, until one day he is completely isolated with no other than his mother. And when she falls, everything falls.
Things We Lost in the Fire=2007-09-26=A recent widow invites her husband's troubled best friend to live with her and her two children. As he gradually turns his life around, he helps the family cope and confront their loss.
Mother Carey's Chickens=1938-07-29="Fay Bainter stars in this 1938 film, based on the novel by Kate Douglas Wiggin, about a financially-strapped mother and her children who relocate from the city to a small rural town. It was remade by Walt Disney in 1963 as ""Summer Magic""."
In the Name of the King III=2013-12-27=Hazen Kaine, an American contract killer living in Sofia, Bulgaria, gets more than he bargains for when he enters into a contract with the mob. One last job before he gets out and starts a new life for himself. The targets: the three children of royal billionaire Andon Dupont. Seems simple enough, or so he thought. Hazen apprehends the children, and before he can blink an eye, a simple necklace worn by one of the children sends his life spiraling back to medieval times. Now completely out of his element, Hazen fights for his life as he tries to escape a medieval army and a fierce fire-breathing dragon.
Blood Tide=1982-09-01=An adventurer hunting for treasure in Greece accidentally frees a monster that forces local villagers to sacrifice virgins
Kaitei gunkan=1963-12-22=The legendary empire of the lost continent of Mu reappears to threaten the world with domination. While countries unite to resist, an isolated World War II Captain has created the greatest warship ever seen, and possibly the surface world's only defense.
La Bionda=1993-03-12=A young shy man (Tommaso) runs down a blond girl (Christine) with his car. Next day he finds her waiting for him at his department door. She asks him for help, as she has amnesia and can't remember anything.
The Submarine Kid=2016-01-12=When Spencer Koll, a United States Marine, returns home from a horrific wartime experience, his mundane reality leads him to gravitate towards a new and mysterious woman on her own determined journey. Together, they enter into a magical but destructive new relationship which ultimately exposes their essential truths.
Scooby-Doo! Stage Fright=2013-08-20=Join Scooby-Doo, Shaggy and the Mystery Inc. crew as they head to Chicago for a talent show, some museum tours and whole lotta pizza! The windy city is home to the hit TV show, Talent Star, in which songwriting duo Fred and Daphne are finalists with some high hopes. Not to be left out, Scooby and Shaggy have a secret act in the works, which they are betting will take the contest by storm. Unlucky for them, the competition is frightful at this talent contest as the show is being broadcast from an opera house with a history of horrors and a particularly vengeful phantom that has cursed the show's production. From costume changin' chases to collecting creepy clues, the show must go on and with a natural talent like Scooby-Doo on the case, you can be sure that the laughs, thrills and adventure are always first place!
Gog=1954-06-04=A mechanical brain is programmed to sabotage the government's secret lab while working on the first space station.
Accidents Happen=2009-04-23=There are dysfunctional families... and then there are the Conways. After a family tragedy, 15-year-old Billy Conway has become the de facto glue between his bitter mom, distant brother, and stoic dad. But when Billy starts to act out, everything changes for him and his family
La Bellezza Del Somaro=2010-12-17=A comedy about generational conflict between two parents who do not want to grow old and a seventeen year old daughter who wants to become an adult. During a weekend with some friends in their country house in Tuscany, Marcello and Marina, relieved that the love affair of their teenage daughter Rose with another boy, Luke, is over, prepare to meet their daughter's new boyfriend. The problem is that the two adults, who still feel pretty young, do not know what to expect, and what they are about to discover will leave them speechless ...
Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory=2011-10-10=A further investigation into the arrest of three teenagers convicted of killing three young boys in Arkansas who spent nearly 20 years in prison before being released after new DNA evidence indicated they may be innocent.
Drop Dead Sexy=2005-03-12=When their money scam runs aground, a group of would-be thieves turn to kidnapping in an attempt to blackmail their target.
The Emperor's New Groove=2000-12-09=Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pacha from a village and to tell him that his home will be destroyed to make room for Kuzco's new summer home. Kuzco's advisor, Yzma, tries to poison Kuzco and accidentally turns him into a llama, who accidentally ends up in Pacha's village. Pacha offers to help Kuzco if he doesn't destroy his house, and so they form an unlikely partnership.
Grey Lady=2017-04-28=A Boston police officer goes to Nantucket to investigate the murder of his partner, but he finds more than he bargained for.
The Chronicle History of King Henry the Fifth with His Battell Fought at Agincourt in France=1944-11-24=Olivier mustered out of the navy to film this adaptation of Shakespeare’s history. Embroiled in World War II, Britons took courage from this tale of a king who surmounts overwhelming odds and emerges victorious.
Happy Anniversary and Goodbye=1974-11-19=As her 25th anniversary approaches, Norma Michaels realizes that her marriage to her dentist husband Malcolm has become boring. Seeking independence, Norma turns to her friend Fay while Malcolm receives advice from his swinging associate Greg.
At the Circus=1939-10-20=Jeff Wilson, the owner of a small circus, owes his partner Carter $10,000. Before Jeff can pay, Carter lets his accomplices steal the money, so he can take over the circus. Antonio Pirelli and Punchy, who work at the circus, together with lawyer Loophole try to find the thief and get the money back.
Un posto ideale per uccidere=1971-08-18=Two young sexually free hippies, Dick (Ray Lovelock) and Ingrid (Ornella Muti) finance their travels by selling naked snaps of Ingrid until their plan is brought to an abrupt end by the Police. Forced on the run the two seek refuge at a seemingly empty isolated large villa. As it turns out the house is inhabited by the middle-aged Barbara (Irene Papas) who invites them in for some potential three-way hanky-panky that soon locks them into something far more twisted and chilling!
9 Dalmuir West=1962-12-07=Short documentary about the last street car ride in Glasgow.
Mom's Got a Date With a Vampire=2000-10-13=The Hansen kids are in a jam. Adam and his best friend Duffy have gotten their hands on some tickets for the Headless Horseman concert, and his sister Chelsea has a date with her dreamy boyfriend Peter. The only problem is they're both grounded. Chelsea and Adam will do whatever it takes to get their mom Lynette out of the house, even if it includes a chance meeting with a very mysterious man. Everything seems to go according to plan until their little brother Taylor realizes that this stranger might be a vampire.
Ieri, oggi, domani=1963-12-19=Stories about three very different women and the men they attract. Adelina sells black-market cigarettes in Naples, is married to the unemployed Carmine, and faces a jail sentence. She can avoid it as long as she's pregnant. Several years and seven children later, Carmine is exhausted, so jail looks inescapable as does her contempt for Carmine. In Milan, Anna drives a Rolls, is bored, and picks up a writer. She talks dreamily of running off with him until he dents her car; that gets her emotional attention. Mara, a Roman call girl, turns the head of a naive seminarian, prompting a run-in with his granny and a vow of abstinence. Mara's fizzy lover from Bologna grows impatient.
Tejút=2007-08-07=An avant-garde, psychedelic, poetic minimalism, meditative, cartoon-esque sketch of the modern world.
Attack of the Crab Monsters=1957-02-10=A group of scientists travel to a remote island to study the effects of nuclear weapons tests, only to get stranded when their airplane explodes. The team soon discovers that the island has been taken over by crabs that have mutated into enormous, intelligent monsters. To add to their problems, the island is slowly sinking into the ocean. Will any of them manage to escape?
Blinkity Blank=1955-01-01=An animated short film with an improvised jazz soundtrack.
Animal=2014-06-17=When plans for a weekend vacation hit a dead end, a group of close-knit friends find themselves stranded in unfamiliar territory, pursued by a menacing predator. Holed up in an isolated cabin, tensions mount as long-buried secrets are revealed. As the body count rises, the group must put their differences aside and fight for survival.
Boy Wonder=2010-08-11=A young Brooklyn boy witnesses the brutal murder of his mother and grows up obsessed with finding her killer. Thus begins his life as a quiet, straight-A student by day and a self-appointed hero at night. But what is a real hero? And who decides what is right or wrong? As the boundaries blur, Sean's dual life wears on his psyche and his two worlds careen dangerously close to colliding. Like a graphic novel you can't put down, Boy Wonder challenges morality, distorting perceptions of what is right and what is justified, as it races to its shocking conclusion.
Mala noćna muzika=2002-01-01=Spasoje and Cole are cute and silly boys who constantly find themselves in risky situations. They work in a morgue. One night they heard mobile phone that rings in your pocket just dead guy. Of course, they can not resist, and answer the call. On the other side man voice ordered them to go to a specific address and get some money. Cole and Spasoje don't reject easy profit...
Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?=1978-10-06=Mystery abounds when it is discovered that, one by one, the greatest Chefs in Europe are being killed. The intriguing part of the murders is that each chef is killed in the same manner that their own special dish is prepared in. Food critics and the (many) self-proclaimed greatest Chefs in Europe demand the mystery be solved.
バトル・ロワイアル=2000-12-16="In the future, the Japanese government captures a class of ninth-grade students and forces them to kill each other under the revolutionary ""Battle Royale"" act."
Prick Up Your Ears=1987-04-17=Stephen Frears directs this biographical drama focusing on controversial British playwright Joe Orton (Gary Oldman), revealed in flashback after his murder by lover Kenneth Halliwell (Alfred Molina).  Born in 1933 in Leicester, in the English Midlands, John 'Joe' Orton moves to  London in 1951, to study at RADA, and enjoys an openly gay relationship with Halliwell in their famous Islington flat in the 1960s. However, when Orton achieves spectacular success with such plays as 'What the Butler Saw' and 'Loot', Halliwell begins to feel alienated and the pair's future looks increasingly uncertain.
Martyrs=2008-09-03=A young woman's quest for revenge against the people who kidnapped and tormented her as a child leads her and a friend, who is also a victim of child abuse, on a terrifying journey into a living hell of depravity.
Farmland=2014-04-06="Most Americans have never stepped foot on a farm or ranch or even talked to the people who grow and raise the food we eat. ""Farmland"" takes an intimate look at the lives of farmers and ranchers in their twenties, all of whom are now responsible for running their farming business. Learn about their high- risk/high reward jobs and passion for a way of life that has been passed down from generation to generation, yet continues to evolve."
The Big Swap=1998-06-11=In this British drama, Ellen (Sorcha Brooks) and Jack (Antony Edridge) recall a time when they traded partners, and their remarks set a partner-swapping party in motion among four other couples. As the long night's journey into sex progresses, various fears and anxieties surface. Shown at Montreal's 1997 World Film Festival and the 1997 San Sebastian Film Festival.
Critters 4=1992-08-20=Just before bounty hunter Charile triggers his gun to destroy the last two Critter-eggs, he gets a message that it would be illegal to extinguish the race from the galaxy. He's sent a transporter where he puts the eggs - unfortunately the transporter takes him with it and then gets lost in space.
Alias Jesse James=1959-03-20=Insurance salesman Milford Farnsworth sells a man a life policy only to discover that the man in question is the outlaw Jesse James. Milford is sent to buy back the policy, but is robbed by Jesse. And when Jesse learns that Milford's boss is on the way out with more cash, he plans to rob him too and have Milford get killed in the robbery while dressed as Jesse, and collect on the policy.
Louis Theroux: Law and Disorder in Lagos=2010-10-10=In the fourth installment of his Law and Disorder series, Louis goes to through Lagos, Nigeria, and follows the KAI (Kick Against Indiscipline) task force and union leader MC as well as other gang members.
ชัตเตอร์ กดติดวิญญาณ=2004-09-09=A young photographer and his girlfriend discover mysterious shadows in their photographs after a tragic accident. They soon learn that you can not escape your past.
Nos amis les Terriens=2007-04-18=What on earth would extraterrestrials think if they could observe us? This is the movie they made.
Jane's Journey=2011-09-06=It would be hard to name anyone who has had more of an impact in the realm of animal research and wildlife conservation than Jane Goodall, whose 45 year study of wild chimpanzees in Africa is legendary. In Jane's Journey, we travel with her across several continents, from her childhood home in England, to the Gombe National Park in Tanzania where she began her groundbreaking research and where she still returns every year to enjoy the company of the chimpanzees that made her famous. Featuring a wide range of interviews and spectacular footage from her own private collection, Jane's Journey is an inspiring portrait of the private person behind the world-famous icon.
Death Weekend=1976-09-17=Harry is a rich dentist who often brings women up to his rural lakehouse. One weekend, he invites Diane, a former fashion model. On their way to the house, Diane runs a gang of thugs off the road. Humiliated, the thugs track down the couple for revenge.
Bartok the Magnificent=1999-11-15=Russia is being terrorized by an evil witch known as Baba Yaga; the only one who is not afraid of her is Bartok the Magnificent. Bartok, an albino bat, has just arrived in Moscow and is impressing everyone with his performances, including Prince Ivan Romanov. However, one person is not impressed; Ludmilla finds Bartok annoying and naive. After Bartok's show, a violent bear suddenly attacks. Bartok must save everyone by stunning the bear with dust and then knocks him over and traps him in a wagon.
Funny Games=1997-05-14="Two psychotic young men take a mother, father, and son hostage in their vacation cabin and force them to play sadistic ""games"" with one another for their own amusement."
It Came from Hollywood=1982-12-10=Dan Ackroyd, John Candy, Gilda Radner and Cheech and Chong present this compilation of classic bad films from the 50's, 60's and 70's. Special features on gorilla pictures, anti-marijuana films and a special tribute to the worst film maker of all-time, Ed Wood.
Hilde=2009-03-11=A biography of Hildegard Knef, one of Germany's biggest post-war stars.
Farmer Al Falfa Sees New York=1916-10-17=Farmer Al Falfa goes to New York, money bag in hand. He is immediately spotted by a crook who dispatches a fetching lady to shake him down. At a restaurant, she gets him drunk and lays him out with knockout drops. But what's in the bag is not what she is expecting, and she flees. The now-drunken farmer has stepped dizzily outside to acquaint himself with a lamppost when another sharper steps up and hauls him into a crooked card game. While prospects do not look good for Farmer Al Falfa, he has more tricks up his sleeve than the city slickers realize.
International House=1933-05-27=Assorted wacky characters converge on a Chinese hotel to bid on a new invention ... television.
Piter FM=2006-04-20=Lyrical story about two young people, Masha and Maxim, who have to decide what to do.
The Interpreter=2005-04-08=After Silvia Broome, an interpreter at United Nations headquarters, overhears plans of an assassination, an American Secret Service agent is sent to investigate.
Dark Journey=1937-07-02=Madeline Goddard (Leigh), is a British double agent who meets and falls in love with a German spy Baron Karl Von Marwitz (Veidt) during World War I. This tale of espionage blends high adventure and romance making perfect order from wartime chaos and growing in faith from despair.
Cole Younger, Gunfighter=1958-03-30=An outlaw must decide whether to stick his neck out for an innocent man.
Marfa Girl=2012-11-20=A disaffected Texas teen spends his 16th birthday getting high, hanging out and having casual sex.
Gothika=2003-11-21=After a car crash, a criminal psychologist (Halle Berry) comes to, only to find that she's a patient in the same mental institution that currently employs her. It seems she's been accused of murdering her husband -- but she has no memory of committing the crime. As she tries to regain her memory and convince her co-workers of her innocence, a vengeful spirit uses her as an earthly pawn, which further convinces everyone of her guilt.
The Tulse Luper Suitcases, Part 1: The Moab Story=2003-05-24=The Tulse Luper Suitcases reconstructs the life of Tulse Luper, a professional writer and project-maker, caught up in a life of prisons. He was born in 1911 in Newport, South Wales and presumably last heard of in 1989. His life is reconstructed from the evidence of 92 suitcases found around the world - 92 being the atomic number of the element Uranium. The project includes three feature films, a TV series, 92 DVDs, CD-ROMs, and books.
Human Highway=1982-09-10="Human Highway is a 1982 comedy film starring and co-directed by Neil Young under his pseudonym Bernard Shakey. Dean Stockwell co-directed the film and acted along with Russ Tamblyn, Dennis Hopper, and the band Devo. Included is a collaborative performance of ""Hey Hey, My My (Into the Black)"" by Devo and Young with Booji Boy singing lead vocals and Young playing lead guitar."
Fack ju Göhte=2013-11-07=A comedy that follows an ex-con who lands a position at a school that sits over the spot where money from one of his earlier robberies was stashed.
Spirit Stalkers=2012-06-16=The Spirit Stalkers reality show, once a big hit, faces cancellation without a ratings boost, which leads the investigative team to Gloria Talman, whose house is rampant with unexplained ghostly activity.
The Scapegoat=2012-09-09=Set in 1952, as England prepares for the coronation, The Scapegoat tells the story of two very different men who have one thing in common - a face.
Alabama Moon=2009-09-27=After the unexpected death of his survivalist father, an eleven year old boy raised in the Alabama wilderness must learn how to make a home in the modern world.
Paid=1930-12-30="Mary Turner goes up for three years on a crime she didn't commit. Once out she and former prison mates plan a scam in which old men can be sued for breach of promise - the ""heart balm"" racket. After plotting verious ways to get back at the men who set her up initially, she softens and settles down."
Jack's Back=1988-05-06=A young doctor is suspected when a series of Jack the Ripper copycat killings is committed. However, when the doctor himself is murdered, his identical twin brother claims to have seen visions of the true killer.
Fantômas: Fantômas contre Fantômas=1914-03-13=After his failed attempts to capture the ruthless crook and serial murderer Fantômas, Inspecteur Juve becomes the victim of a virulent press campaign which accuses him of being Fantômas himself. Whilst Juve languishes in a prison cell, his friend, journalist Fandor, attempts to clear his name by tracking the real Fantômas. Meanwhile, the police are investigating the disappearance of a debt collector. An American detective Tom Bob finds the body concealed in a newly built wall and offers to carry out his own investigation to find Fantômas. Lady Beltham, former lover and victim of Fantômas, receives a visit from Tom Bob, whom she instantly recognizes as Fantômas. The arch-criminal compels her to organize a charity ball, ostensibly to raise funds to bring Fantômas to justice. Hearing about the ball, and suspecting that Fantômas will almost certainly be there, Fandor decides to attend, dressed as the infamous criminal.
The Patsy=1928-04-22=A hillarious movie from director King Vidor, with Marion Davies AND Marie Dresler! As the perpetually feuding mother and daughter, Dresler and Davies are not only side-splittingly funny, they are actually quite touching.
The Last Kiss=2006-09-10=Revolves around a young couple and their friends struggling with adulthood and issues of relationships and commitment. Based on the 2001 Italian film L'ultimo bacio, directed by Gabriele Muccino.
I See a Dark Stranger=1946-07-04=Determined, independent Bridie Quilty comes of age in 1944 Ireland thinking all Englishmen are devils. Her desire to join the IRA meets no encouragement, but a German spy finds her easy to recruit. We next find her working in a pub near a British military prison, using her sex appeal in the service of the enemy. But chance puts a really vital secret into her hands, leading to a chase involving Bridie, a British officer who's fallen for her, a German agent unknown to them both, and the police...paralleled by Bridie's own internal conflicts.
Bessie=2015-05-16=The story of legendary blues performer, Bessie Smith, who rose to fame during the 1920s and '30s.
Rise of the Guardians=2012-11-21=When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world.
The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds=1972-12-20=Middle-aged widow Beatrice Hunsdorfer (Joanne Woodward) and her daughters Ruth (Roberta Wallach) and Matilda (Nell Potts) are struggling to survive in a society they barely understand. Beatrice dreams of opening an elegant tea room but does not have the wherewithal to achieve her lofty goal. Epileptic Ruth is a rebellious adolescent, while shy but highly intelligent and idealistic Matilda seeks solace in her pets and school projects, including one designed to show how small amounts of radium affect marigolds.
Couples Retreat=2009-09-19=Four couples, all friends, descend on a tropical island resort. Though one husband and wife are there to work on their marriage, the others just want to enjoy some fun in the sun. They soon find, however, that paradise comes at a price: Participation in couples therapy sessions is mandatory. What started out as a cut-rate vacation turns into an examination of the common problems many face.
Edge of Sanity=1989-04-14=When Henry Jekyll's experiments with cocaine have gotten out of control, he transforms into the hideous Jack Hyde. As Hyde he searches the London streets at night for his prey in whorehouses and opium dens. The police can't catch him, he has nothing to lose but his mind
California Dreaming=1979-04-01="Young T.T. comes from Chicago to spend the summer in California. He slowly becomes ""California-ized,"" while learning about love and life in the Golden State."
The Transporter Refueled=2015-09-03=The fast-paced action movie is again set in the criminal underworld in France, where Frank Martin is known as The Transporter, because he is the best driver and mercenary money can buy. In this installment, he meets Anna and they attempt to take down a group of ruthless Russian human traffickers who also have kidnapped Frank’s father.
Gertie the Dinosaur=1914-09-15="Although not the first feature-length animated film, as is sometimes thought, it was the first cartoon to feature a character with an appealing personality. The appearance of a true character distinguished it from earlier animated ""trick films"", such as those of Blackton and Cohl, and makes it the predecessor to later popular cartoons such as those by Walt Disney. The film was also the first to be created using keyframe animation."
Mine Own Executioner=1947-11-22=Fearing her husband could become a killer, a woman seeks a psychiatrist's help.
The War Tapes=2006-10-22=Straight from the front lines in Iraq, THE WAR TAPES is the first war movie filmed by soldiers themselves. These soldiers bypassed Pentagon supervised media to share their experience like never before. Funnier, spicier, and more gut wrenching than news reports, this is Operation Iraqi Freedom as filmed by Sergeant Steve Pink, Sergeant Zack Bazzi and Specialist Mike Moriarty. Steve is a wisecracking carpenter who aspires to be a writer. Zack is a Lebanese-American university student who loves to travel and is fluent in Arabic. Mike is a father who seeks honor and redemption. Each leaves a woman behind - a girlfriend, a mother and a wife. Through their candid footage, these men open their hearts and take us on an unforgettable journey, capturing camaraderie and humor along with the brutal and terrifying experiences they face. These soldiers got the story that 2,700 embedded reporters never could.
Kiler=1997-10-17="An innocent cab driver is mistaken for a contract killer and imprisoned. Soon, he is sprung by a mob boss who needs ""Killer"" for a few more jobs."
Cattle Call=2006-06-01=A guy starts a fake casting agency in hopes that he will meet his soul mate.
Apt Pupil=1998-10-23=Neighborhood boy Todd Bowden discovers that an old man living on his block named Arthur Denker is nazi war criminal. Bowden confronts Denker and offers him a deal: Bowden will not go to the authorities if Denker tells him stories of the concentration camps in WWII...
The Empty Mirror=1996-04-09=Adolf Hitler faces himself and must come to terms with his infamous career in an imaginary post-war subterranean bunker where he reviews historical films, dictates his memoirs and encounters Eva Braun, Josef Goebbels, Hermann Göring and Sigmund Freud.
Repo Man=1984-02-20=A down and out young punk gets a job working with a seasoned repo man, but what awaits him in his new career is a series of outlandish adventures revolving around aliens, the CIA, and a most wanted '64 Chevy.
Starship Apocalypse=2014-12-20=After their failed attempt to take over the Federation war fleet, John Worthy and General Gustav are sentenced to death but they are rescued by Worthy s girlfriend, Jolli, who has control of a new Starship, The Deliverance. Meanwhile, The Overseer, Ruler of the Federation, wants to enslave the rebellious worlds with an ancient alien Nano-Virus that turns humans into mindless slaves. Starship Deliverance, Worthy and his team are all that stand in the way of total slavery of the entire human race.
Papillon=1973-12-13=A man befriends a fellow criminal as the two of them begin serving their sentence on a dreadful prison island, which inspires the man to plot his escape.
Kano=2014-02-27=A Taiwanese high school baseball team travels to Japan in 1931 to compete in a national tournament.
Minions: Orientation Day=2010-12-13=With so many jobs to choose from, the Minions have to make serious decisions after watching an 'Initiation Video'. What could go wrong?!
9/11: The Twin Towers=2006-09-03=Discovery Channel documentary
Parviz=2012-09-23=Parviz has as its increasingly horrifying anti-hero the 50-year-old hulk of a passive-aggressive bachelor son (theater director/activist Haftvan), whose free ride in life screeches to a halt when his miserly widowed father forms a plan to remarry.
Petey Wheatstraw=1977-11-01=Petey Wheatstraw (Rudy Ray Moore) is a candidate to become the devil's son-in-law. The storyline is a scaffolding on which Rudy Ray Moore's standup humor can be unfolded. Beginning life as the afterbirth to a watermelon, the young Wheatstraw becomes a martial artist, but is unable to best the evil comedy team of Leroy and Skillet, who also indulge in wholesale murder. Satan restores the comedians' victims to life, and charges Petey with the task of marrying his clock-stoppingly ugly daughter to giving him a grandchild. When Petey attempts to default on the deal, he is pursued by the devil's henchmen.
Ghosts with Shit Jobs=2012-05-07=In 2040, a generation of Torontonians have grown up after the economic collapse of the west. The movie consists of episodes of a documentary series popular in mainland China about the bad jobs some white people have -- the plucky and resilient souls unlucky enough to be born into the slums of North America are both amusing and moving to the Chinese audience. Oscar is a digital janitor, and has to manually cover up logos for copyright reasons in the future's answer to Google StreetView maps. Gary and Karen assemble robot baby dolls for the children of the wealthy in Asia. Anton and Toph are spider silk collectors. Serina is human spam and makes a living by mentioning brands and products in casual conversation.
Tomcats=2001-03-30=College buddies chip in and promise that the group's last unmarried man will collect a cash pot. Seven years later, the kitty is worth $500,000 -- money Michael needs to pay a gambling debt. Problem is, the only other single guy is a hopeless womanizer!
Miss Congeniality=2000-12-14=When the local FBI office receives a letter from a terrorist known only as 'The Citizen', it's quickly determined that he's planning his next act at the Miss America beauty pageant. Because tough-as-nails Gracie Hart is the only female Agent at the office, she's chosen to go undercover as the contestant from New Jersey.
True Believer=1989-02-17=Eddie Dodd is a burnt out former civil rights lawyer who now specializes in defending drug dealers. Roger Baron, newly graduated from law school, has followed Eddie's great cases and now wants to learn at his feet. With Roger's idealistic prodding, Eddie reluctantly takes on a case of a young Korean man who, according to his mom, has been in jail for eight years for a murder he did not commit.
Ogni maledetto Natale=2014-11-27=Massimo Marinelli Lops and Giulia Colardo meet by chance in Rome and fall in love. Giulia asks Massimo to spend Christmas Eve with her family.
Of Mice and Men=1939-12-30=A mentally retarded giant and his level headed guardian find work at a sadistic cowboy's ranch in depression era America.
Kundun=1997-12-25=The Tibetans refer to the Dalai Lama as 'Kundun', which means 'The Presence'. He was forced to escape from his native home, Tibet, when communist China invaded and enforced an oppressive regime upon the peaceful nation. The Dalai Lama escaped to India in 1959 and has been living in exile in Dharamsala ever since.
少林卅六房=1978-02-02=The anti-Ching patriots, under the guidance of Ho Kuang-han, have secretly set up their base in Canton, disguised as school masters. During a brutal Manchu attack, Lui manages to escape, and devotes himself to learning the martial arts in order to seek revenge.
Grateful Dawg=2000-10-14="Jerry Garcia, legendary lead guitarist for the Grateful Dead and David Grisman, virtuoso mandolinist and founder of ""Dawg"" music… Now, for the first time ever, the musical matrimony and extraordinary friendship of Garcia and Grisman is traced in the award-winning documentary Grateful Dawg."
Love on the Dole=1941-06-28=Depressing and realistic family drama about the struggles of unemployment and poverty in 1930s Lancashire. The 20-year-old Kerr gives an emotionally charged performance as Hardcastle, one of the cotton workers trying to make life better. Interlaced with humour that brings a ray of sunshine to the pervasive bleakness, this remains a powerful social study of life between the wars, and was a rare problem picture to come out of Britain at the time.
Oublier Cheyenne=2005-04-01=Cheyenne, a journalist, decides to leave Paris after being laid off and to settle down in the middle of nowhere, far from the society she hates.The trouble is that she leaves Sonia, her true love, behind. The latter, a teacher who loves her job, refuses to give up everything -including her comfort- to follow her. Sonia makes all the efforts in the world to forget Cheyenne, whether in the arms of Pierre, a charming anarchist, or in those of Béatrice, a gay woman who soon proves perverse and dangerous, only to realize that her heart belongs to Cheyenne and nobody else. If Cheyenne does not come back, Sonia feels life is not worth living any longer... Written by Guy Bellingerew found.
Merry Kissmas=2015-12-05=Unwinding her relationship from a controlling choreographer, Kayla happens to take an elevator ride with lonesome caterer “Dustin”. The lift stalls, and spontaneously, magical kisses follow. Soon the choreographer makes nice, and Dustin retreats. Kayla becomes confused as to which man to love.
Below the Sea=1933-03-28="A wealthy woman funds an underwater expedition to explore for marine life, but what she doesn't know is that her ""colleagues"" have other intentions."
Ninja=2009-10-22=A westerner named Casey, studying Ninjutsu in Japan, is asked by the Sensei to return to New York to protect the legendary Yoroi Bitsu, an armored chest that contains the weapons of the last Koga Ninja.
Enid=2009-11-16=Edwardian child Enid Blyton begins to tell stories to her brothers as an escape from their parents' rows before the father deserts the family...
De Lift=1983-05-11=A lift begins displaying some erratic behavior, like trapping some party goers and nearly suffocating them, and decapitating a security guard. Felix, the technician from the lift company, can't find anything wrong with the circuitry. When he and a nosy reporter begin asking questions of the lift company's electronics partner (Rising Sun Electronics) his boss puts him on a leave of absence. A subsequent visit to a professor leads them to believe that some evil experiments are being conducted.
Dead Man's Folly=1986-01-08="During a murder hunt game at a country house, to which Hercule Poirot is invited as an ""expert"", a real murder occurs."
Na wylot=1973-05-11=Based on a pre-war murder case of the Malisz couple. They end up committing a petty robbery and a sordid murder. He is an illustrator who is not used by a climbing architect. His folks don't like his wife and keeping both of them around as they float from one petty job to another. They finally try to rob a mailman of a bogus money order they have cooked up and end up killing an old, invalid couple with whom they have roomed.
Camp Rock=2008-06-20=When Mitchie gets a chance to attend Camp Rock, her life takes an unpredictable twist, and she learns just how important it is to be true to yourself.
Saving Shiloh=2006-04-05=In this third movie about Shiloh, Judd Travers is accused of killing a man he once fought in a bar. Everyone in the town consider Judd to be guilty except Marty Preston, but even him has some doubts. Trying to clear Judd's name Marty and his friend searches the woods to find the criminal.
Little Fish, Strange Pond=2009-10-23=Mr. Jack and Sweet Stephen cruise aimlessly through the streets of LA speculating about life, death, divine will and the force of power that predetermines their existence. Mr. Jack attempts to illustrate to his sidekick the delicate and natural forces of the universe. Sweet Stephen's superficial charm and bloodsucking lifestyle sends him and Mr. Jack on a voyage that is relentless, engaging, and darkly hilarious.
Dirty Harry=1971-12-21=When a madman dubbed 'Scorpio' terrorizes San Francisco, hard-nosed cop, Harry Callahan – famous for his take-no-prisoners approach to law enforcement – is tasked with hunting down the psychopath. Harry eventually collars Scorpio in the process of rescuing a kidnap victim, only to see him walk on technicalities. Now, the maverick detective is determined to nail the maniac himself.
Sabotage=2014-03-28="In ""Sabotage"", Arnold Schwarzenegger leads an elite DEA task force that takes on the world's deadliest drug cartels. When the team successfully executes a high-stakes raid on a cartel safe house, they think their work is done - until, one-by-one, the team members mysteriously start to be eliminated. As the body count rises, everyone is a suspect."
Triple Crossed=2013-11-12=With a tour in Afghanistan behind him, war-torn Chris Jensen struggles to assimilate back to life in California. Drifting and living out of his car, he soon discovers that few are willing to deal with the remnants of a damaged career military man. Chris is self medicating; desperate to silence the echoes from the front lines. When an opportunity finally presents itself, he makes the hard decision to employ his most coveted talents honed in special ops. A job is a job and Chris knows civilian life can be just as cut-throat as time on active duty. But just how close does he have to get to Andrew Warner to secure the kill?
Tarzan=1999-06-18=Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named Kala since he was a child. He believed that this was his family, but on an expedition Jane Porter is rescued by Tarzan. He then finds out that he's human. Now Tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to...
The Mambo Kings=1992-02-28=The Mambo Kings tells the story of César and Nestor Castillo, brothers and aspiring musicians who flee from Cuba to America in search of the American Dream.
Brevi amori a Palma di Majorca=1960-03-25=Ugly, persistent, and (initially) annoying admirer pursues a beautiful actress. At first he is laughed of, especially by his ultra handsome rival, but with his firm insistence, and gradually emerging charm, he seduces the lady, to the total shocked surprise of his rival.
A Night in Heaven=1983-04-21="Faye Hanlon is a community-college professor with an emotionally depressed husband and an abundance of sexual frustration. Her sister drags her to a male strip-club for a girls-night out, where she discovers that one of the dancers is her failing student Rick Monroe, a.k.a. ""Ricky the Rocket"". A heated affair between teacher &amp; student ensues, as Faye struggles to reconcile her emotions and make consequential life choices: Continue her lustful sessions with the studly-but-shallow teen stripper? Or break it off with Ricky &amp; work to salvage her marriage to the loving-but-distant husband?"
Paradise girls=2005-03-05=Paradise Girls is about three young women, Miki, Pei Pei and Shirley, who are going through an emotional phase in their lives in different places in the world. Their initially carefree lives have each been disrupted by men: a boyfriend, a father and a young son. Each girl's individual reaction on these recent misfortunes illustrates a determination as well as a subconscious love of life that is so characteristic to their age. Written by Motel Films
Män kan inte våldtas=1978-02-24=A woman who has been raped by a work colleague plots and executes an elaborate and humiliating revenge.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame=1939-12-29=King Louis XI is a wise and old king and Frollo is the Chief Justice. Frollo gazes on the gypsy girl, Esmeralda, in the church during Fool's Day and sends Quasimodo to catch her. Quasimodo, with the girl, is captured by Phoebus, Captain of the Guards, who frees the girl. The courts sentence Quasimodo to be flogged, and the only one who will give him water while he is tied in the square is Esmeralda. Later, at a party of nobles, Esmeralda again meets both Frollo, who is bewitched by her, and Phoebus. When Phoebus is stabbed to death, Esmeralda is accused of the murder, convicted by the court and sentenced to hang. Clopin, King of the Beggars; Gringoire, Esmeralda's husband; and Quasimodo, the bellringer, all try different ways to save her from the gallows.
Maradona, la mano di Dio=2007-03-29=Dramatizing of the many shocking highs and lows of Argentine soccer hero Diego Maradona, an extraordinary athlete and arguably the greatest player in the history of the sport.
Starquest II=1996-01-01=Sci-fi thriller directed by Fred Gallo.
Supermarket=2012-12-28=The Wareckis, an average married couple, stop at a store returning home on New Year’s Eve. The husband goes shopping, the wife stays in the car and waits for him, hours go by but he does not return, in fact, nobody can find him anywhere...  A series of seemingly minor events transforms these simple characters’ lives into a gripping horror-thriller, a wild and disturbing image of the impact of consumerism.
ルパン三世 sweet lost night ～魔法のランプは悪夢の予感～=2008-07-25="Lupin scores a ""magic lamp"" and finds it does hold a genie. However, the stroke of 7PM strikes, and that is the last thing he remembers. Finding himself in Singapore, Lupin must battle his way past the forces of Colonel Garlic and discover the secret behind the lamp. But every time the clock strikes 7PM, his memory is wiped clean! How can Lupin piece together this puzzle, when he can't even remember what he is doing?!"
Circus=2000-05-05=Bruno, a sadistic criminal, wants clever con man Leo out of the way. Leo and his equally clever wife, Lily, are up to something. So too is Julius: he hires Leo to kill Gloria, Julius's wife. Leo does it, but then Julius shows up with the murder on tape, saying Gloria isn't his wife - it's blackmail. Leo's bookie, Troy, is also closing in, wanting to be paid. Bruno and Lily as well as Bruno and Julius have their own scams running, and Leo is their target. Maybe Leo can get Troy off his back, avoid Moose (Bruno's huge enforcer), send Gloria's corpse out of England, turn the tables on Bruno's murderous brother Caspar, and outfox Lily. Or is Lily his fox? It's a three-ring circus.
Terrain vague=1960-11-09="Director Marcel Carné's 1960 look at juvenile delinquency, a pressing social issue in France at that time. Based on ""Tomboy"", an American pot-boiler novel by Hal Elison."
Brand: A Second Coming=2015-03-13=Comic Russell Brand uses drugs, sex and fame in a quest for happiness, only to find it remains elusive. As he explores iconic figures such as Gandhi, Malcolm X, Che Guevara, and Jesus, he transforms himself into a political antagonist.
फिल्लौरी=2017-03-24=A man is forced to marry a tree to ward off ill-luck that surrounds his love-life which turns into a nightmare when the tree is embodied by a spirit with an unfinished business.
Magician: The Astonishing Life and Work of Orson Welles=2014-12-12=Combining extensive filmmaker interviews and rare archival footage, Chuck Workman’s documentary takes us through the life of one of cinema’s greatest masters: Orson Welles.
The Law and Jake Wade=1958-06-06=Jake Wade breaks Cling Hollister out of jail to pay off an old debt, though it's clear there is some pretty deep hostility between them. They part, and Jake returns to his small-town marshal's job and his fiancée only to find he has been tracked there by Hollister. It seems they were once in a gang together and Jake knows where the proceeds of a bank hold-up are hidden. Hollister and his sidekicks make off into the hills, taking along the trussed-up marshal and his kidnapped bride-to-be to force the lawman to show them where the loot is.
Bob Funk=2009-03-20=After he's fired from his job -- by his mother, no less -- Bob Funk agrees to quit drinking, see a therapist, and eventually report to a new boss, who might just be the woman of his dreams.
Fatal Attraction=1987-09-11=A married man's one night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family.
Joshy=2016-08-12=After his engagement ends badly, Josh decides to take advantage of his bachelor-party plans in Ojai, California, with the few friends still willing to join him. Focused on drugs and their own hangups, his self-absorbed friends refuse to confront the elephant in the room and ask Josh how he’s feeling. As welcome and unwelcome guests stop by, Josh will attempt to find some closure over this weekend with the guys.
Leave Her to Heaven=1945-12-19=A young novelist, Richard Harland, meets beautiful Ellen Berent on a train where they fall in love and are soon married. When tragedies take first his handicapped young brother, then his unborn son from him, Harland gradually realises that his wife's insane jealousy may be the cause of the tragedies in his life. Yet another shock awaits them all, as Ellen's emotions become uncontrollable.
Nightbeast=1982-11-01=An alien crash lands and goes on a killing spree.
愛的麵包魂=2012-02-03=Gao-bing works in a bakery in a small town. The owner, Mr Chiu, is so into his Rock 'n 'Roll band, and the apprentice Di doesn't seem enthusiastic about learning baking at all. The business of the bakery is getting down and Gao-bing doesn't know what to do with the situation. All he can do is work harder and makes more bread. Ping, the daughter of Mr Chiu, grew up together with Gao-bing and is Gao-bing's girlfriend. She often complains that Gao-bing only follows the traditions and doesn't take any dramatic actions to save the bakery. In order to develop revolutionary new flavors, Ping takes baking courses in the city where she meets Bread. Bread, born in America, is charming and humorous. He falls for Ping at the very first sight. Even though Ping is with Gao-bing, she finds Bread's bread has a special magic. She thinks Bread might be the one that saves the bakery
Platoon Leader=1988-10-01=West Point graduate lieutenant Jeff Knight meets cynicism when taking command of sergeant Michael McNamara's tour veterans platoon in a Vietnamese trench camp. Unlike his predecessor, who hid till the end of his tour, Jeff takes charge, experiences the manual doesn't allow coping with all realities and gets wounded. He returns, now fully respect by men and superiors. Besides the Vietcong, the platoon wrestles with the inscrutable villagers, which the G.I.'s officially protect, but also fear as some collaborate with them, other covertly with the Cong, either way subject to bloody reprisals.
Jane Eyre=1971-06-04=Jane Eyre is an orphan, sent to Lowood school, and eventually becomes a governess at Thornfield hall to a girl named Adele. While she is there, many strange things happen and eventually she and Edward Rochester, owner of Thornfeild and Adele's guardian, fall in love. Suddenly, when Jane is about to win the happiness she deserves, a dark secret comes to light, and it will take all of her courage, love and understanding to triumph.
火燒島=1990-01-01=Someone in a prison run by a corrupt warden fakes the deaths of convicts to later use them as expendable assassins. A police officer is sent into the prison to gather evidence of the corruption.
The Work of Director Jonathan Glazer=2005-09-13=This DVD is a collection of the work of the director Jonathan Glazer and includes his music videos, commercials, short films , excerpts from his feature films as well as commentaries and interviews with the actors, musicians and other collaborators. New original content includes TRAMP and ARTSHOLE both starring Jonathan and Paul Kaye, and a documentary about Jonathan's work.
The Tortoise and the Hare=1935-01-05=The Tortoise and the Hare is an animated short film released on January 5, 1935 by United Artists, produced by Walt Disney and directed by Wilfred Jackson. Based on an Aesop's fable of the same name, The Tortoise and the Hare won the 1934 Academy Award for Best Short Subject: Cartoons. This cartoon is also believed to be one of the influences for Bugs Bunny.
My Lonely Me=2015-08-19=I am aged 7, I fear for my life. I run to a convent door. Cry for my Mother and Father. But they are no more... Now I am 21, locked in a swirling mist. Music is the only key that will unlock. My Lonely Me
City of Angels=1998-04-10=When guardian angel Seth -- who invisibly watches over the citizens of Los Angeles -- becomes captivated by Maggie, a strong-willed heart surgeon, he ponders trading in his pure, otherworldly existence for a mortal life with his beloved. The couple embarks on a tender but forbidden romance spanning heaven and Earth.
Deadline=2012-02-15=Deadline is the story of the murder of an African American youth in rural Alabama that has gone uninvestigated, unsolved, and unpunished for almost twenty years. That changes when Nashville Times reporter Matt Harper (Steve Talley) meets an idealistic young blueblood bent on discovering the truth. Harper undertakes the investigation despite the opposition of his publisher, violent threats from mysterious forces, a break-up with his fiancée, and his father's cancer diagnosis.
L'autre Dumas=2010-02-10="Alexandre Dumas, at the height of his career, takes Auguste Maquet, his chief literary collaborator or 'ghost writer' ten years his junior, to meet a young unknown admirer, Charlotte Desrives.  The two men are at the summit of their artistic collaboration for they have just published ""The Count of Monte Christo"", ""Queen Margot"" and ""The Three Musketeers"". If it's Maquet who writes the majority of the texts, both the honours and fame go to Dumas."
Time Pass=2014-01-03=When Cupid strikes the very first time it sees no class or caste barrier. And though the path to reunite with a loved one seems arduous and almost impossible, it's this love which makes a person do good things. Love doesn't remain a Time Pass anymore.
Escape from the Newsroom=2002-10-28="It's a strange movie that you have to watch beginning to end, or you'll find yourself completely lost. Based on the Toronto-made TV series ""Newsroom,"" this made-for-TV movie has many well-recognized Canadian actors and comedians. It's a modest comedy that has its ""short chuckle of laughter"" moments, but the real highlight is similar to the highlight of 12 Angry Men. They obviously endeavoured to make the acting look as real and natural as possible when making this show, and most of the entertainment comes from listening in on their conversations and being convinced by the good acting. This is the similarity to 12 Angry Men."
A Teacher=2013-09-06=Part psychological thriller and part provocative character study, A TEACHER explores the unraveling of a young high school teacher, Diana (Lindsay Burdge), after she begins an affair with one of her teenage students, Eric (Will Brittain). What starts as a seemingly innocent fling becomes increasingly complex and dangerous as the beautiful and confident Diana gets fully consumed by her emotions, crossing boundaries and acting out in progressively startling ways. Lindsay Burdge delivers a deeply compelling and seamlessly naturalistic performance that brings us into the mind of an adult driven to taboo against her better judgment.
The Seeker: The Dark Is Rising=2007-10-05=A boy's life is turned upside down when he learns that he is the last of a group of immortal warriors who have dedicated their lives to fighting the forces of the dark.
Crazy Over Horses=1951-09-09=The boys get mixed up with a race horse &amp; crooked gamblers
Go Fish=1994-06-10=Max is a trendy, pretty, young lesbian, who is having trouble finding love. A friend sets her up with Ely, whom Max likes, but Ely is frumpy, homely, and older. Nor do they have much in common. Can Max learn to look past the packaging?
Emperor=2012-09-14=As the Japanese surrender at the end of WWII, Gen. Fellers is tasked with deciding if Emperor Hirohito will be hanged as a war criminal. Influencing his ruling is his quest to find Aya, an exchange student he met years earlier in the U.S.
Solitary=2009-03-29=Sara (Amber Jaeger) suffers from agoraphobia, an obsessive fear of open spaces that renders her a virtual captive of her own home. When her husband, Mark (Kieron Elliott), disappears unexpectedly, Sara unravels emotionally and begins to panic. Turning to her estranged sister (Kristine Sullivan) and a psychiatrist (Andrew Qamar) for support, Sara soon begins to wonder whether the doctor is trying to help her or is plotting her demise.
Nightmare=1981-10-23=A drug-treated schizophrenic plagued by horrible nightmares escapes from the hospital and goes on a killing spree.
The Land Unknown=1957-08-01=Navy Commander Hal Roberts is assigned to lead an expedition to Little America in Antartica to investigate reports of a mysterious warm water inland lake discovered a decade earlier. His helicopter and its small party, including beautiful reporter Maggie Hathaway, is forced down into a volcanic crater by a fierce storm. They find themselves trapped in a lush tropical environment that has survived from the Mesozoic Era. Fighting carnivorous plants, dinosaurs, and a limited time window, they struggle to survive and repair the helicopter, their only means of escape. They are both helped and hindered by Dr. Carl Hunter, a megalomaniac survivor of an earlier expedition, who has learned to adapt to the hostile environment. (copied from IMDB)
Die Hamburger Krankheit=1979-11-22=When a plague breaks out in Hamburg, several people break out of quarantine and make their way out of the city... only to find that the plague is more widespread.
Gupt: The Hidden Truth=1997-07-04=When Governor Jaisingh Sinha is murdered, the needle of suspicion points towards his estranged son Sahil who has been fighting with his father over the girl he had chosen for him to marry. Sahil is in love with Isha but the governor wanted him to marry Sheetal. Now Sahil must prove his innocence and find out who the killer is.
Casting By=2012-09-09=This essential new documentary pays tribute to the legacy of the late, legendary casting director Marion Dougherty and shines a light on one of the most overlooked and least understood crafts in filmmaking.
Zbogum na dvaesetiot vek=1998-11-17=In the year 2019, after global destruction and descent into savagery, the immortal Kuzman tried to discover his destiny in order to learn how to die. As he enters the whirling circles of time, we discover the blasphemy of our century, and how it is to close its circle
Cowgirls n' Angels=2012-05-25=A group of rodeo trick-riders recruits a young girl to join them.
No Smoking=2007-10-26=A man fights against a tyrannical institution for his right to smoke, hence, for individual freedom.
Deep Core=2000-10-21=A powerful laser machine rips the core of the earth causing earthquakes and tsunamis, and only one man and his team can save the planet from destruction. Will they succeed? Action, suspense and disaster for fans of the genre.
Fanfan la Tulipe=1952-03-21=Fanfan is a young handsome peasant. He joins the army to escape marriage and because a gipsy girl predicted he will get glory and the king's daughter as a wife. But the gipsy girl was in fact Adeline, the daughter of the recruiting officer. Once he has discovered the stratagem, Fanfan refuses to forget this dream and decides to fulfill the destiny of the fake prediction. Fantastic swashbuckling adventures in a 18th century setting, with a light criticism of the war and the mighty.
Natasha Leggero: Live at Bimbo's=2015-08-22=The special was filmed at Bimbo’s 365 Club in San Francisco and centers on Leggero as she “elegantly examines the many reasons why having kids is problematic, the absurdities of Burning Man, Mormons, Hipsters and more. From conservative Republicans to her very own diamond p***y, Leggero’s special proves that no one and nothing is off limits.”
敗家仔=1981-11-10=A rich man's son (Yuen Biao) believes himself to be the best kung fu fighter in Canton. Unfortunately, his father, anxious for his son's safety, bribes all his opponents to lose. After a humiliating defeat at the hands of an actor in a traveling theatre company, the son resolves to find a better teacher. Furious kung fu battles and slapstick comedy.
The Bloody Child=1996-10-26=This film was inspired by a real event—a young US Marine, recently back from the Gulf War, was found digging a grave for his murdered wife in the middle of the California Mojave.
Catacombs=1988-05-14=A demon is trapped in a monastery. 400 years later a young girl arrives at the monastery to study.
Forks Over Knives Presents: The Engine 2 Kitchen Rescue=2011-12-19=Join Rip Esselstyn, former Texas firefighter and bestselling author, as he teaches the White and Wali families the basics of a whole-food, plant-based diet.
The Others=2001-08-02=Grace is a religious woman who lives in an old house kept dark because her two children, Anne and Nicholas, have a rare sensitivity to light. When the family begins to suspect the house is haunted, Grace fights to protect her children at any cost in the face of strange events and disturbing visions.
Tiptoes=2003-09-08=A man is reluctant to tell his fiancee that his parents, uncle and brother are dwarfs.
Flirty Birdy=1945-09-22=Tom is all set to eat Jerry when a hawk swoops down and grabs Jerry. To get Jerry back, Tom poses as a female hawk and quickly finds his new lover to be more than he bargained for.
Song of Freedom=1936-08-16=John Zinga is a black dockworker in England in the 18th century, with a great baritone singing voice. He is discovered by an opera impresario, and is catapulted into great fame as an international opera star. Yet he feels alienated from his African past, and out of place in England. By chance, he is informed that an ancestral medallion that he wears is proof of his lineage to African kings, and he leaves fame and fortune to take his rightful place of royalty. Reunited with his people, he plans to improve their lives by combining the best of western technology with the best of traditional African ways.
Urban Legends: Bloody Mary=2005-07-19=On a prom-night dare, a trio of high school friends chant an incantation, unleashing an evil spirit from the past with deadly consequences.
Bardaasht=2004-04-23=Bardhaasht is a Bollywood drama and thriller film released in 2004. The director is E. Niwas. It is based on the screenplay written by Vikram Bhatt. The main cast of the movie is Bobby Deol, Lara Dutta and Rahul Dev. Bardaasht is noted for its gritty and brutal portrayal of police force and triumph of human will and justice in the form of Major Aditya Shrivastava portrayed by Bobby Deol.
Chandni Chowk To China=2009-01-16=Based in Delhi's Chandni Chowk, orphaned Sidhu is adopted by the owner of Bajrang Bali Parathas, known simply as Dada. Years later Sidhu has grown up and is an expert at slicing vegetables.
Undergångens arkitektur=1989-10-13=Featuring never-before-seen film footage of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi regime, The Architecture of Doom captures the inner workings of the Third Reich and illuminates the Nazi aesthetic in art, architecture and popular culture. From Nazi party rallies to the final days inside Hitler's bunker, this sensational film shows how Adolf Hitler rose from being a failed artist to creating a world of ponderous kitsch and horrifying terror. Hitler worshipped ancient Rome and Greece, and dreamed of a new Golden Age of classical art and monumental architecture, populated by beautiful, patriotic Aryans. Degenerated artists and inferior races had no place in his lurid fantasy. As this riveting film shows, the Nazis went from banning the art of modernists like Picasso to forced euthanasia of the retarded and sick, and finally to the persecution of homosexuals and the extermination of the Jews.
Jeune & Jolie=2013-08-20=Isabelle, a 17-year-old student, loses her virginity during a quick holiday romance. When she returns home, she begins a secret life as a prostitute for a year.
The Antics Roadshow=2011-08-13=The Antics Roadshow is a celebration of the pranksters, hoaxers, jokers, activists and stunt merchants who use public space for their own unauthorised ends.  This film brings together a wide range of individuals with all sorts of motivations, who have all hijacked the public arena to make a noise, be it for comedic, artistic or political ends, and have all done so using a variety of illicit and eccentric methods, which the audience should probably not try at home.
The Blue Bird=1918-03-31=Two peasant children, Mytyl and Tyltyl, are led by Berylune, a fairy, to search for the Blue Bird of Happiness. Berylune gives Tyltyl a cap with a diamond setting, and when Tyltyl turns the diamond, the children become aware of and conversant with the souls of a Dog and Cat, as well as of Fire, Water, Bread, Light, and other presumably inanimate things. The troupe thus sets off to find the elusive Blue Bird of Happiness.
Dégradé=2015-05-17=A Palestinian comedy about women crammed in a tiny beauty parlor on the Gaza Strip
Eddie Izzard: Unrepeatable=1994-10-03=Recorded one night at the Albert Theatre in March 1994, when Eddie Izzard was playing a limited seven week sold-out run of his celebrated stand-up show.
Šķērsiela=1988-01-03=A street in Soviet Latvia is occupied by colorful residents. Some earning millions in newly created businesses, others barely able to make living.
Memphis: The Broadway Musical=2011-04-28=Memphis is set in the places where rock and roll was born in the 1950s: the seedy nightclubs, radio stations and recording studios of the musically-rich Tennessee city. With an original score, it tells the fictional story of DJ Huey Calhoun, a good ole' local boy with a passion for R&amp;B music and Felicia Farrell, an up-and-coming black singer that he meets one fateful night on Beale Street. Despite the objections of their loved ones (Huey's close-minded mama and Felicia's cautious brother, a club owner), they embark on a dangerous affair. As their careers rise, the relationship is challenged by personal ambition and the pressures of an outside world unable to accept their love.
Elegy=2014-09-10=In the future, nature has evolved to destroy humans. One man fights across a treacherous landscape to reunite with his past.  (Post-apocalypse)
Kvinnodröm=1955-08-22=In Stockholm, the fashion photographer Susanne Frank misses her married lover Henrik Lobelius that lives in Gothenburg with his wife and children, and the naive twenty years old model Doris has a troubled relationship with her boy friend Palle Palt. Susanne schedules a session of photo shoots in Gothenburg with Doris, and once there, she calls Henrik for an encounter. Meanwhile, Doris meets an elegant middle age gentleman on the street, the Consul Otto Sönderby, who buys expensive gifts for her: a dress, a pair of Italian gloves and valuable pearl necklace. They spend the afternoon together in an amusement park and later they go to Otto's mansion, where they are interrupted by his wicked daughter Marianne. Susanne has a love affair with Henrik in her room, but they are interrupted by his cynical wife. The incidents in these encounters affect their perspective of love.
Khatta Meetha=2010-07-23=Struggling road construction contractor, Sachin Tichkule (Akshay Kumar) is doomed to Dream big. There is no chance in hell that his dreams will ever come true, simply because he has no money to bribe! To make Matters worse, the new municipal commissioner turns out to be his ex girl friend (Trisha) who now hates him. Even as you laugh as Sachin bubbles his way from one disaster to another, the film reveals in a light hearted way, the extent of corruption and bribery rampant in the system, and the ingenious means you have to adopt if you want to survive enjoy the bumpy ride!
Frank=2014-05-02=A comedy about a young wannabe musician (Domhnall Gleeson) who discovers he has bitten off more than he can chew when he joins an eccentric pop band led by the mysterious and enigmatic Frank (Michael Fassbender).
Ann Carver's Profession=1933-06-09=Newlyweds experience marital problems when the wife's highly successful job as an attorney overshadows her husband's stagnant career.
Bare skyer beveger stjernene=1998-08-24=Eleven year old Maria has lost her little brother to cancer. Having disappeared into herself, her mother is no longer there for Maria and her father struggles to keep the family together. Maria meets Jacob, who is the same age as she, but with a completely different attitude. Jacob is outgoing, exciting, funny and has wisdom way beyond his tender years. He gradually pulls Maria out of her shell and enables her to come to decisions which will affect her entire life.Only Clouds Move the Stars tackles a serious subject with humour and wit. With its strong emotional content, the film leaves no one untouched. Based on an award-winning novel, this film shares the sensibilities of the Swedish hit, My Life as a Dog.
Engelen=2009-10-02=A drug addict becomes a mother and has to deal with responsibility and self-respect.
Author: The JT LeRoy Story=2016-01-22=New York magazine’s October 2005 issue sent shockwaves through the literary world when it unmasked “it boy” wunderkind JT LeRoy, whose tough prose about his sordid childhood had captivated icons and luminaries internationally. It turned out LeRoy didn’t actually exist. He was dreamed up by 40-year-old San Francisco punk rocker and phone sex operator, Laura Albert.
An American Girl: Chrissa Stands Strong=2009-01-05=A fourth grader and her friends deal with bullying from a more popular girl in their class.
Little Lord Fauntleroy=1980-11-25="Young Cedric (Ceddie) Errol and his widowed mother (known only as ""Dearest"") live in genteel poverty in 1880s Brooklyn after the death of his father. Cedric's grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt, has long ago disowned his son for marrying an American. But after the death of the Earl's remaining son, he decides to accept the little Cedric as Lord Fauntleroy, his heir."
Dead Silence=2007-03-16=Jamie returns to his hometown in search of answers to his wife's murder, which occurred after receiving a weird package containing a ventriloquist dummy named Billy, which may be linked to the legend of ventriloquist Mary Shaw. Destined to find out the truth, Jamie goes to the town of Raven's Fair, where Shaw used to perform and is buried. But Jamie is in for more than he expected.
Silencio en la nieve=2011-12-16="1943. In the midst of World War II, a serial murderer appears in the Blue Division, volunteer body of Spanish soldiers who fought on the Russian front with German troops. After finding the body of a Spanish soldier who has been stuck in the shoulder and has a knife inscription (""Look at God looking at you""), an investigation is initiated by the soldier in charge Arturo Andrade (Juan Diego Botto ), police inspector who takes the job with precision and professionalism, aided by Sergeant Estrada (Carmelo Gómez). They begin to suspect that behind this murder dark secrets of the past are hidden ."
Something Wild=1986-11-07="A free-spirited woman ""kidnaps"" a yuppie for a weekend of adventure. But the fun quickly takes a dangerous turn when her ex-con husband shows up."
Polish Wedding=1998-01-16=The film centers on a big Polish family. Jadzia is the mother and the ruler of the Pzoniak family (she has five children). Though she's happily married to Bolek, she is also having a long-time affair with Roman. Her young daughter Hala is having an affair with neighbour cop Russell and becomes pregnant by him. Russell is pressed hard to marry Hala.
The Deal=2003-09-28=It is approaching an election in the UK when the leader of the Labour party, John Smith, suffers another in a line of heart attacks and dies. With the leadership campaign about to start the clear choice appears to be Gordon Brown, a stanch Scotsman. However Tony Blair is also beginning to appear more likely as he will appeal to Southern voters who would be turned off by Brown. Blair rings Brown to arrange a meeting to discuss which will go for the job. The film flashbacks to the start of their relationship, sharing an office in Westminster on their first seats.
Loose Change 9/11: An American Coup=2009-09-22=With the departure of the Bush Administration and the arrival of an “era of transparency,” opportunities are arising for the disclosure of new information that may shed more light on the events that took place before and after 9/11/2001. Loaded with powerful, new footage and in-depth interviews this documentary presents a wide array of evidence both known and unknown…until now.
Hero Wanted=2008-03-28=Liam Case is a garbage man whose life hasn't quite turned out the way he expected it would. In order to impress the girl of his dreams, Liam plans an elaborate heist that will culminate with him jumping in to save the day at the last minute. When the day of the heist arrives, however, the plan takes an unexpected turn and Liam winds up in the hospital.
Banking on Bitcoin=2016-12-30=Not since the invention of the Internet has there been such a disruptive technology as Bitcoin. Bitcoin's early pioneers sought to blur the lines of sovereignty and the financial status quo. After years of underground development Bitcoin grabbed the attention of a curious public, and the ire of the regulators the technology had subverted. After landmark arrests of prominent cyber criminals Bitcoin faces its most severe adversary yet, the very banks it was built to destroy.
Детство Горького=1938-09-27=The Childhood of Maxim Gorky (Detstvo Gorkovo) was the first of Russian director Mark Donski's trilogy based upon Gorky's memoirs. Alexei Lyarsky plays the young Maxim, who grows up under the czarist regime with his grandparents as guardians. Continually demeaned by his martinet grandfather, Maxim is drawn to his warm-hearted grandmother (Varvara Massalitinova), who instills in him the willingness to pursue his writing muse. Gorky's (and Donski's) deep abiding love for Russia is conveyed through the film's remarkably romanticist landscape shots along the Volga River, which cry out for Technicolor.
Őszi almanach=1984-08-15="Possibly inspired by the existential play No Exit by Jean-Paul Sartre, this story about five people living in close quarters in a small apartment conveys the same angst as Sartre's well-known story about the nature of hell. A single, older mother owns the apartment, where a nurse who has brought along a presumed lover tends her. The sick woman's son lives there, too, constantly thinking about how to get his hands on his mother's money. The last member of this unhappy ""family"" is a former teacher now down on his luck and out of work. The three men and the nurse are dependent on the sick woman, on her money and her apartment, just as she is dependent on them. Yet these individuals are two-faced, scheming, and prone to anger. Unable to break away and leave, at the same time they find no solace in staying -- making a difficult two hours of misery for the average viewer to take on without a therapist."
The Case of the Stuttering Bishop=1937-06-08=A Bishop from Australia comes to Perry to ask him to take a case of a woman wrongly accused of manslaughter 22 years before. The case would involve the wealthy Mr. Brownley and the fact that his alleged granddaughter may be an imposter. With that, the Bishop leaves and is clubbed in his hotel room. Soon after, he leaves on a boat and Perry meets the woman - Ida Gilbert. Perry goes to see Mr. Brownley, but gets nowhere. Later that night, Brownley is to meet Ida, but he is shot by a woman who drops Ida's gun. Ida is arrested for the murder of Mr. Brownley and Perry gets involved. Written by Tony Fontana
Diplomatie=2014-03-05=The night of August 24, 1944. The fate of Paris is in the hands of General von Choltitz, governor of Grand Paris, who is preparing, on Hitler’s orders, to blow up the French capital. The descendent of a long line of Prussian military men, the general has never had any hesitation when it came to obeying orders. This is what’s on Swedish consul Raoul Nordling’s mind as he takes the secret staircase that leads to General von Choltitz’s suite at the Hôtel Meurice. The bridges on the Seine and the major monuments of Paris (including the Louvre, Notre Dame, the Eiffel Tower) are mined with explosives, ready to be detonated. Armed with all the weapons of diplomacy, the consul will try to convince the general not to follow Hitler’s order of destruction.
Che c'entriamo noi con la rivoluzione?=1972-12-18=In the beginning of the 20th. century Italian actor Guido Guidi, more enthusiastic than talented, and his ensemble tour Texas. The mysterious and obviously rich Peppino Garibaldi gives them an offer, they can’t deny: For a large amount of dough they should play “Richard III.” in the Mexican town Vera Cruz.  But Peppino is not really interested in cultural affairs: He supports “La Revolución” and “General” Carasco, who utilizes the feastful premiere of “Richard III.” to raid Vera Cruz for Comandante Zapata. But shortly after the Mexican Army shows up with some canons in tow to sort things out.  Guidi and Padre Albino, Italian like him, succeed to flee and save Carasco accidentially from the firing squad. Whereas the latter coninues his revolutionary fight, Guidi and Albino start an odyssey through the struggling Mexico, which lets them fall one time in the hands of Carasco the other time in those of Herrera or even in the clutches of “hand-taking” bandidos.
Vivat, Gardemariny!=1991-06-06=In the second movie the Naval Cadets are guarding the princess coming from Germany to marry a Russian prince.
Before Stonewall=1984-09-15=New York City's Stonewall Inn is regarded by many as the site of gay and lesbian liberation since it was at this bar that drag queens fought back against police June 27-28, 1969. This documentary uses extensive archival film, movie clips and personal recollections to construct an audiovisual history of the gay community before the Stonewall riots.
Falling Angels=2003-09-08="The wickedly funny story of three sisters' coming of age in a wildly dysfunctional family, set against the backdrop of the 60's, free love, the Cold War, LSD and the dawn of feminism. Affectionately dubbed ""Little Women on acid"", this is a story about the destructive effects of secrecy and the bonds of duty between parents and their children."
Invoked=2015-08-17=A group of young people went on a abandoned hostel in Sligo, Ireland. After they play a really creepy game, all of them disappear.
Labyrinth=2012-11-24=She inherits a house in the South of France from an aunt she has never met; she is haunted by dreams of a woman from the past, whom she does not know; and now she stumbles upon an archaeological find that will bear witness to a genocide committed 800 years ago on European soil, which will lead Alice Tanner to the secrets of the Holy Grail.
Reel Injun=2009-09-10=The history of the depiction of Native Americans in Hollywood films.
Reflexões de um Liquidificador=2010-08-19=After receiving a patch, a blender gains consciousness and begin to think about life, the human and the lifetime of electronics. When a man disappears, the blender remains the only company of his wife.
I pugni in tasca=1965-10-31=Ale, a deeply disturbed young man subject to seizures, benignly decides to murder members of his dysfunctional family for altruistic reasons.
Le Bal des actrices=2009-01-28=While shooting a documentary about all kinds of actresses, the director falls for one of them.
Hiver Nomade=2012-02-10=Pascal, 53, and Carole, 28, are shepherds. In the month of November 2010, they embark on their long winter transhumance: four months during which they will have to cover 600 km in the Swiss- French region, accompanied by three donkeys, four dogs and a eight hundred sheep. An exceptional adventure is about to begin: they brave the cold and the bad weather day in day out, with a canvas cover and animal skins as their only shelter at night. This saga reveals a tough and exacting profession, requiring constant improvisation and unflinching attention to nature, the animals and the cosmos. An eventful journey with surprise encounters, moving reunions with farmer friends, nostalgic figures of country life that is shrinking away fast. Αn adventure film, a contemporary road movie, a reflection of our current world, which takes us back to our roots and our inner questions.
Im Lauf der Zeit=1976-03-04=Itinerant projection-equipment repairman Bruno Winter (Rüdiger Vogler) and depressed hitchhiker Robert Lander (Hanns Zischler)--a doctor who has just been through a break-up with his wife and a half-hearted suicide attempt--travel along the Western side of the East-German border in a repair truck, visiting worn-out movie theaters, learning to communicate across their differences.  The film features stunning black-and-white cinematography from Robbie Muller and a pensive score from Improved Sound Limited.
À vendre=1998-08-26=A Private detective is hired to trace a woman who ran away and disappeared on her wedding day. The movie follows him and recounts the story of her life through her eyes and the eyes of those interviewed by the detective.
Ticker=2001-01-01=Ray Nettles, a detective of San Francisco, and his partner Fuzzy must take up to one of the most dangerous terrorist gangs of the city. When one of the terrorists, the beautiful scientist Claire Manning is arrested, Swan, the leader of the terrorists, claims he will let explode bombs throughout the city if she will not be released. Because of the possible bloodshed, Nettles calls for the help of explosive expert Frank Glass...
Hear No Evil=1993-03-26=Jillian Shanahan, a deaf woman, becomes the target of a ruthless and corrupt cop. The cop is looking for a stolen coin, which he plans to keep for himself. A journalist briefly acquires the coin and hides it in Jillian's apartment, then his car explodes, now the cop is after her.
Λατέρνα, Φτώχεια Και Φιλότιμο=1955-11-12=Two poor portable barrel piano players ramble through Greek countryside and play in fairs. They meet by chance with a rich runaway girl whose father offers a large reward to her finders.They have to choose between getting the reward or helping the girl with her renegade love affair.
Journey to Planet X=2012-04-20=Eric Swain and Troy Bernier are scientists by day and amateur filmmakers by night. Over the years these two friends have turned out many of their own amateur, sci-fi inspired movies. Journey to Planet X follows the filming of Planet X, the duo’s most ambitious endeavor to date, and sheds light on their unique brand of “movie magic.”
Dance with Me=1998-08-21=Young Cuban Rafael just buried his mother, and comes to Houston to meet his father John for the first time. The difficult part is that John doesn't know he is Rafael's father. John runs a dance studio, and everyone prepares for the World Open Dance championship in Las Vegas. It soon becomes clear Rafael is a very good dancer, and Ruby is the biggest hope for the studio at the championship.
Café Transit=2005-11-03=A young widow takes over her late husband’s truck stop café, keeping hidden in the kitchen so as not to cause a scandal in Iran’s conservative society. But her brother-in-law, out of familial obligation, wants to take her as a wife and also take over the café. Meanwhile a Greek trucker who is a frequent café customer is slowly entranced — at first by her sublime cooking ability, and then by her.
Watchers=1988-12-02=A boy takes in a stray dog, later finding out that its an ultra-intelligent runaway from a genetic research lab. Unknow to him, the dog is being stalked by another escaped creature thats not quite so friendly.
Одноклассницы=2016-06-16=Sochi, Russia. The day before wedding Katya finds her fiancé on a date with a hot blonde, so her classmates Vika, Sveta, and Dasha decide to find Katya a new husband. They have one night only. Will they succeed?
Loma=1976-12-17=After a mixup at the check-in, Aimo Niemi boards a charter plane bound for the sunny island of Rhodes, Greece, instead of the Innsbruck Winter Olympics he's packed for. It's the early days of package tourism, and he is too shy and clueless to really sort out any of his problems — a suitcase filled with women's clothes, a flirtatious female roommate, and no money to buy food since he was prepared for full room &amp; board in Austria.
Kradetzat na praskovi=1964-11-09=The wife of the officer running a prisoner camp falls in love with a prisoner there.
Puzzlehead=2005-04-21="In a post apocalyptic world where technology is outlawed, Walter, a reclusive scientist, secretly creates a self-aware android, ""Puzzlehead"". Jealously erupts when Puzzlehead wins the affection of Julia, the beautiful shopgirl that Walter has longed for. The resulting sci-fi love triangle is a Frankensteinian fable that traps all three in a web of deception and the ultimate betrayal."
Hand in Hand=1961-02-06="Seven-year-olds Michael and Rachel are best friends who do everything together and who have vowed to remain friends ""forever and ever and can't be parted for never and never.""  Unfortunately, the society that Michael and Rachel live in is one of religious intolerance.  The fact that Michael is Irish Catholic and Rachel is Jewish is a point of conflict for just about everyone in the community.  When the two young children are made aware of their ideological differences, it begins to tear apart their friendship, and they decide to test whose God is stronger. What they discover is that at the core, their religions really aren't that different from one another: both worship a God of love, not vengeance."
Wrong Turn 5: Bloodlines=2012-10-23=A small West Virginia town is hosting the legendary Mountain Man Festival on Halloween, where throngs of costumed party goers gather for a wild night of music and mischief. But an inbred family of hillbilly cannibals kill the fun when they trick and treat themselves to a group of visiting college students.
BloodRayne=2005-10-22=In eighteenth century Romania, Rayne, a dhampir (half-human, half-vampire), prone to fits of blind blood rage but saddled with a compunction for humans, strives to avenge her mother's rape by her father, Kagan, King of Vampires. Two vampire hunters, Sebastian and Vladimir, from the Brimstone Society persuade her to join their cause.
Costa da Morte=2013-08-11=Portrait of Costa da Morte (coast region in Galicia, Spain) from an ethnographic and landscape level, exploring also the collective imagination associated with the area. A region marked by strong oceanic feeling dominated by the historical conception of world's end and with tragic shipwrecks.  Fragmentary film that approaches to the anthropological from its protagonists: sailors, shellfish, loggers, farmers ... A selection of characters representative of the traditional work carried out in the countryside in the region, allowing us to reflect on the influence of the environment on people.
The Pallbearer=1996-05-03="Aspiring architect Tom Thompson is told by mysterious Ruth Abernathy that his best friend, ""Bill,"" has taken his own life. Except that Tom has never met Bill and neither have his incredulous friends. So when Tom foolishly agrees to give the eulogy at Bill's funeral, it sets him on a collision course with Ruth -- who is revealed to be Bill's oversexed mother -- and Julie DeMarco, the longtime crush Tom hasn't seen since they were teens."
Young Guns II=1990-08-01="Only three of the original five ""young guns"" -- Billy the Kid (Emilio Estevez), Jose Chavez y Chavez (Lou Diamond Phillips), and Doc Scurlock (Kiefer Sutherland) -- return in Young Guns, Part 2, which is the story of Billy the Kid and his race to safety in Old Mexico while being trailed by a group of government agents led by Pat Garrett"
Perfect Strangers=1945-10-15=Robert Donat and Deborah Kerr as a married couple whose relationship is shaken by their service in the Second World War.
Огарева, 6=1980-12-01=Detective Kostenko is traveling between Moscow and Sukhumi trying to find the responsible for double homicide.
Leprechaun 3=1995-07-04=It was a normal night in Las Vegas, Nevada, all the lights were flashing brightly, until a man with one hand, one eye, and one leg walks into a pawn shop with a statue of a hideous looking Leprechaun. The owner claims it's a good luck charm. The statue also wore a medallion around it's neck. The careless pawn shop owner took off the medallion setting the Leprechaun free...
Rakka=2017-06-14="""Rakka"" is the story of broken humanity following the invasion of a technologically superior alien species. Bleak harrowing and unrelenting, the humans we meet must find enough courage to go on fighting."
Ecstasy=2011-09-10=ECSTASY is a dark romantic comedy, based on the controversial book, “Ecstasy”, by Irvine Welsh. “Ecstasy”, was translated into 20 languages and was a number one bestseller in over 20 countries. Mr. Welsh’s first book, “Trainspotting”, published in 1993, (and voted by Waterstone, Europe’s largest bookstore chain, as one of the Ten Best Books of the Century), sold over 1 million copies in the UK alone, and has its own Cinematic Cinderella success story.
Кино-Глаз на первой разведке.=1924-10-31="This documentary promoting the joys of life in a Soviet village centers around the activities of the Young Pioneers. These children are constantly busy, pasting propaganda posters on walls, distributing hand bills, exhorting all to ""buy from the cooperative"" as opposed to the Public Sector, promoting temperance, and helping poor widows. Experimental portions of the film, projected in reverse, feature the un-slaughtering of a bull and the un-baking of bread."
Casi Divas=2008-08-21=Cuatro ambiciosas y hermosas jóvenes de cuatro muy diferentes rincones de México. Igual que cientos como ellas, son alcanzadas por el furor que se extiende en la nación cuando Alejandro Mateos (JULIO BRACHO), uno de los productores más poderosos del país, echa a andar una masiva búsqueda de talento a nivel nacional para encabezar el reparto de su nueva gran película.
Diana=2013-09-19=During the last two years of her life, Princess Diana (Naomi Watts) campaigns against the use of land mines and has a secret love affair with a Pakistani heart surgeon (Naveen Andrews).
In Harm's Way=1965-04-06=A naval officer reprimanded after Pearl Harbor is later promoted to rear admiral and gets a second chance to prove himself against the Japanese.
The Perfect Physique=2015-09-16=To acquire the best physiques in the world takes relentless desire, fierce drive and unwavering discipline. The struggle is real.
Casa de Areia=2005-05-13=A woman is taken along with her mother in 1910 to a far-away desert by her husband, and after his passing, is forced to spend the next 59 years of her life hopelessly trying to escape it.
Die Tür=2009-11-26=A successful artist loses control of his life after his young daughter's death. A chance for a new start appears, but all is not what it seems.
Before The Dinosaurs - Walking With Monsters=2005-11-05="Many people think of the dinosaurs as the first inhabitants of the earth, but this prequel to the acclaimed ""Walking with Dinosaurs"" puts viewers in the midst of a host of strange creatures that inhabited the earth millions of years before the dinosaurs ever existed.Starting from the Cambrian Period (530 MYA) and ending at the Early Triassic Period (248 MYA), Walking With Monsters shows the life and death struggles of the fantastic creatures that existed before the dinosaurs."
Vikaren=2007-03-13=6th Grade gets a new substitute teacher. She wants to train the class for an international competition in Paris. But something isn't right. How is she able read kids' minds? Why is she so mean? And how does she manage to convince everyone's parents she is so great when the whole class knows she is really an alien?
Diplomatic Courier=1952-06-13=A U.S. agent uses a State Department courier as a spy after Soviets kill his Salzburg contact.
Heatstroke=2013-12-19=On a family trip in the African desert, a research scientist unintentionally travels off course and is brutally murdered by an arms dealer. His girlfriend is put to the ultimate survival test as she attempts to evade the killers and protect his teenage daughter.
3000 Miles to Graceland=2001-02-23=It was an ingenious enough plan: rob the Riviera Casino's count room during an Elvis impersonator convention. But Thomas Murphy decided to keep all the money for himself and shot all his partners, including recently-freed ex-con Michael Zane. With $3.2 million at stake, the Marshals Service closing in, Michael must track down Murphy.
La cara oculta=2011-09-16=A Spanish orchestra conductor deals with the mysterious disappearance of his girlfriend.
The Princess Bride=1987-09-18=In this enchantingly cracked fairy tale, the beautiful Princess Buttercup and the dashing Westley must overcome staggering odds to find happiness amid six-fingered swordsmen, murderous princes, Sicilians and rodents of unusual size. But even death can't stop these true lovebirds from triumphing.
Wild Palms=1993-05-16=A multi-national corporation attempts to take over America while small pockets of resistance hold out against rampant technology.
ゴジラ×メカゴジラ=2002-11-02=After the appearance of a new Gojira (Godzilla), the Japanese government builds a robotic Godzilla from the bones of the original monster that attacked Tokyo in 1954 to stop the beast.
Les fantômes d'Ismaël=2017-05-17=The film tells the tale of a widowed film director who is in the middle of making a film about an atypical diplomat inspired by his brother. While he has started a new life with Sylvia, he still mourns the death of a former lover, Carlotta, who passed away 20 years earlier; then Carlotta returns from the dead, causing Sylvia to run away.
Gus - Petit oiseau, grand voyage=2014-11-06=Yellowbird lives in the ruins of an old house. He lacks the confidence to leave his home, no matter how much Bug, his labybird friend, tries to convince him to go out into the world. Attempts to toughen him up have had little success, so Bug seizes an opportunity that leaves Yellowbird unexpectedly finding himself the new leader of the flock that is migrating to Africa. Still, lacking faith in his own abilities and with danger and imminent failure lurking around every corner, our feathered hero is forced to either find the strength required to work with the team or bow out and stay hidden away forever.
Day of the Fight=1951-04-26=American short subject documentary film in black-and-white, which is notable as the first picture directed by Stanley Kubrick. Kubrick financed the film himself, and it is based on an earlier photo feature he had done as a photographer for Look magazine in 1949. 'Day of the Fight' shows Irish-American middleweight boxer Walter Cartier during the height of his career, on the day of a fight with black middleweight Bobby James, which took place on April 17, 1950.
Moonlight in Vermont=2017-04-08=After fast-paced New York City high-end real estate broker Fiona Rangely (Lacey Chabert) gets dumped by her boyfriend, she escapes to her family’s quaint Vermont Inn for a few days to slow down and evaluate her life. When her ex-boyfriend Nate shows up at the Inn with a brand new girlfriend, Fiona quickly devises a plan to win him back: pretend the handsome and very laid- back head chef Derek (Carlo Marks) is her new boyfriend! Much to the surprise of Derek --and to Fiona herself-- in pretending to be in love, she realizes that she’s been thrown a curveball: sometimes the best things in life are worth the wait.
Mélodie en sous-sol=1963-03-19=Charles, a sixty-something career criminal, fresh out of jail, rejects his wife's plan for a quiet life of bourgeois respectability. He enlists a former cell mate, Francis, to assist him in pulling off one final score, a carefully planned assault on the vault of a Cannes casino.
Olsen-banden=1968-10-11=The first of 14 Olsen Gang films presents us with Egon Olsen, head of the gang, and his friends Benny and Kjeld, who want to become the best known gang in Denmark and eventually Europe by stealing a famous Bavarian work of art currently displayed in a Copenhagen museum. Although Egon's plan works out fine, there is only trouble ahead for the little gang.
Коммунист=1958-02-03=Drama set to the Russian civil war of 1918
The Wet Parade=1932-03-26=The evils of alcohol before and during prohibition become evident as we see its effects on the rich Chilcote family and the hard working Tarleton family.
Witch's Night Out=1978-10-27=A witch, disgruntled by the fact that no one takes Halloween seriously anymore, decides to stir things up and disrupt the social gathering in her old house as well as turn a couple of kids who love monsters into actual monsters.
Les Dalton=2004-12-08=Joe and Averell are the eldest and youngest of the four Dalton brothers, the worst outlaws in Wild West history...
The Institute=2013-10-11=Thousands of participants in a San Francisco-based alternate reality game end up getting more than they bargained for. Told from the players’ perspectives, the film looks over the precipice at an emergent new art form where the real world and fictional narratives merge to create unforeseen and often unsettling consequences. Examining counter-culture, new religious movements and street art, this film takes the viewer on a journey into a secret underground world teeming just beneath the surface of everyday life.
Spork=2010-04-24=A frizzy-haired, pink-cheeked outcast named Spork navigates her way through the annals of junior high.
The Hardy Bucks Movie=2013-02-21=Eddie Durkan, the self-proclaimed leader of the 'Bucks is dreading spending another summer bored out of his skull. Ireland has qualified for the Euros in Poland, but with no money and apathetic mates, the task falls to Eddie to get them out of Castletown and onto the road in search of football and the craic.
Hunter Prey=2009-01-01=The Prometheus has dropped out of orbit. Communications and life support systems are down. Situation Critical: Status of Crew and Prisoner unknown. With orders to catch their Alien Prisoner alive the surviving crew of the spaceship Prometheus pursue a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse with their escaped prisoner on a deserted and barren planet. But, who is the hunter and who is its prey?
少女=2016-10-08=Yuki is a 2nd year high school student. She volunteers at a paediatrics ward for her summer vacation, because she wants to witness the moment a person dies. She got that thought after feeling envious of a transfer student's story of seeing a friend's dead body.  Yuki has friend named Atsuko. She was bullied in the past and has anxiety issues. She volunteers at a nursing home for her summer vacation, hoping that she will gain courage if she sees the moment a person dies.
Dragonquest=2009-03-31=When an ancient warlord summons a mythological beast, a young hero must complete a series of quests to awaken the dragon that will defeat the monster.
Umirayushchii lebed=1917-01-17=When Viktor meets Gizella one day beside the lake, he takes an interest in her and begins to call on her regularly. The one passion in the life of Gizella, who is unable to speak, is dancing. When Viktor deceives her and she finds him with another woman, she moves away and begins a career as a ballerina. Later, as she is on tour performing “The Dying Swan”, the artist Glinskiy attends her performance. Glinskiy, whose own obsession is to depict death in his art, becomes fascinated by Gizella, and he is determined to use her as a model for a special project.
Not With My Wife, You Don't!=1966-11-02=During the Korean War, Italian nurse Virna Lisi falls in love with two American fliers, Tony Curtis and George C. Scott. Lisi marries Curtis after he convinces her that Scott has been killed in a plane crash. She soon discovers Scott is alive, but remains happily married to Curtis until Scott re-enters their lives 14 years later. Written by Jeanne Armintrout
Surplus: Terrorized Into Being Consumers=2003-11-21="Swedish documentary film on consumerism and globalization, created by director Erik Gandini and editor Johan Söderberg. It looks at the arguments for capitalism and technology, such as greater efficiency, more time and less work, and argues that these are not being fulfilled, and they never will be. The film leans towards anarcho-primitivist ideology and argues for ""a simple and fulfilling life""."
The Gamers: Natural One=2014-08-14=Natural One begins with a summons to Gary from his Canadian half-sister, Monica. She's getting married and family tradition calls for her future partner to be vetted in-game. Is he gamer enough to be worthy of the family name?
Passion of Mind=2000-01-07=When Marie, a widow in Provence with two daughters, locks her bedroom door and goes to sleep, she dreams about Marty, a literary agent in Manhattan who dreams equally vividly about Marie. The women look alike. Marie meets William who begins to court her. Marty meets Aaron, an accountant, becomes his friend and then his lover. Both women tell their lovers about their dream life. William is jealous, Aaron is accepting. Even though they've become lovers, Marie won't fall asleep next to William. Marie goes on holiday with William to Paris, and Marty wakes up with an ashtray from the hotel on her night stand. Are they the same person? What will unlock reality
விஸ்வரூபம்=2013-01-25=Vishwanathan, a Kathak dance teacher in New York, is in a rather happy marriage with Nirupama who is a nuclear oncologist. Nirupama is from a middle class family in Chennai, she marries Vishwanath (a dance master) to pursue her higher studies in the USA. But when Nirupama wants to break up with her husband, she engages a private detective. That's when the pandora's box opens up.
Catch and Release=2006-10-20=Gray Wheeler just lost everything. But it could be the best thing that ever happened to her. After the death of her fiancé, Gray moves in with her late love's best friends. While Sam and Dennis do their best to cheer Gray up, Fritz doesn't seem to care. Once Gray breaks through Fritz's defenses, however, she finally sees why her fiancé thought so highly of him. As they spend more time together, Gray learns that her chances for love have not died out with her fiancé. But when some surprise guests show up on their doorstep, it'll take the love of all of her new friends to help Gray learn that life may be messy, but love is messier.
The Warrior=2001-09-23=In feudal India, a warrior (Khan) who renounces his role as the longtime enforcer to a local lord becomes the prey in a murderous hunt through the Himalayan mountains.
No Tomorrow=2010-01-01=After being profiled in the film AGING OUT, Risa Bejarano, a foster care success story, was brutally murdered. NO TOMORROW poses a difficult question: What role did the filmmakers previous documentary play in this chilling death penalty trial?
The Taming of the Shrew=1980-10-23=Baptista has two daughters: Kate and Bianca. Everyone wants to wed the fair Bianca, but nobody's much interested in problem child, Kate. Baptista declares that he won't give Bianca away in a marriage until he's found a husband for Kate, so all the suitors begin busily hunting out a madman who's willing to do it, and they find Petruchio: a man who's come to wive it wealthily in Padua. And Petruchio marries Kate with a plan to tame her, while everybody else begins scheming to win Bianca's hand.
Shijûshichinin no shikaku=1994-10-22=Kon Ichikawa's retelling of the classic true story of Samurai honor. When a young clan lord is forced to commit seppuku (ritual suicide), his loyal followers (now Ronin, masterless Samurai) dedicate their lives to avenging his death.
O Pai Tirano=1941-09-19=While rehearsing the annual play, a clerk tries to regain the attention of his beloved, in a comedy of equivoques.
Babies For Sale=1940-06-14=A newsman (Glenn Ford) exposes a doctor (Miles Mander) running an adoption ring from a home for expectant mothers.
ReGeneration=2010-05-24=ReGeneration is a 2010 American documentary film written and directed by Phillip Montgomery that looks at the issues facing today's youth and young adults, and the influences that contribute to America's current culture of apathy toward to political and social causes.
This American Journey=2013-10-22=As children, British actor Paul Blackthorne and Australian photographer Mister Basquali both fell in love with America. Later they each fulfilled their dream to live here, but after two wars, a near economic collapse, and uncertainty about the country's direction, these two expats began to have doubts -- was America still the great place they once dreamed of? They drive across America to find out, interviewing random people about issues that affect and confront us all. From the ghetto to the gun show, the courthouse to the cattle yard, they are touched by the wisdom and insight of the people they meet. This American Journey is a cinematic postcard from the people to the people, teaching us that hearts can be healed at the most unexpected times and in the most unexpected places.
L'oeil de Vichy=1993-05-20=Directed by French filmmaker Claude Chabrol, this documentary examines Nazi and Vichy newsreels and propaganda films from World War II meant to turn the French against the Jews and the Allied Forces and into Nazi sympathizers.  This movie is only made of archive pictures: the official newsreels that were broadcasted on French movie screens during 1940 and 1944 (the Occupation).
Steal Big Steal Little=1995-09-29=Ruben and Robby are twin brothers, adopted by Mona, one of the wealthiest - and most eccentric - women in Santa Barbara. Ruben is devoted to Mona, but Robby is more devoted to her money. So when Mona leaves her fortune and estate to Ruben it starts a battle between brothers that soon leads to madness, mayhem, and even attempted murder. On Ruben's side is Lou Perilli an ex-Chicago cop and used car dealer who knows the law - and how to get around it. On Robby's side is ruthless businessman Reed Tyler, who is out to turn a swift profit on Mona's property. Walking a shifty line between them is Eddie Agopian, the family lawyer, who doesn't care which side wins as long as he's on the winner's side. But whether they're stealing big or stealing little, they're all stealing in this hilarious comedy about greed, power... and brotherly love.
Unborn in the USA: Inside the War on Abortion=2007-06-15="Unborn in the USA: Inside the War on Abortion is a 2007 documentary film featuring interviews with pro-life activists across the United states. Its tagline is, ""How the pro-lifers are winning"". The film was started as a thesis project by students Stephen Fell and Will Thompson of Rice University. The film chronicles major events such as the annual March for Life and the 2004 March for Women's Lives, and features interviews with members of the Army of God and other pro-life activists."
Gang Busters=1955-06-17=A life-long criminal continues his practice of breaking out of Oregon State Prison - much to the frustration of the police.
Flammen & Citronen=2008-03-25="During Nazi occupation, red-headed Bent Faurschou-Hviid (""Flame"") and Jørgen Haagen Schmith (""Citron""), assassins in the Danish resistance, take orders from Winther, who's in direct contact with Allied leaders. One shoots, the other drives. Until 1944, they kill only Danes; then Winther gives orders to kill Germans. When a target tells Bent that Winther's using them to settle private scores, doubt sets in, complicated by Bent's relationship with the mysterious Kitty Selmer, who may be a double agent. Also, someone in their circle is a traitor. Can Bent and Jørgen kill an über-target, evade capture, and survive the war? And is this heroism, naiveté, or mere hatred?"
Sir Henry at Rawlinson End=1980-11-07=Sir Henry at Rawlinson End is a 1980 British film based on the eponymous character created by Vivian Stanshall. It starred Trevor Howard as Sir Henry and Stanshall himself as Henry's brother Hubert. Unusually, the film was released in sepia toned monochrome. As complex as the mind of its creator, Vivian Stanshall, the plot of Sir Henry at Rawlinson End revolves around attempts to exorcise the ghost of Humbert, the brother of Sir Henry (Trevor Howard). Humbert was accidentally killed in a drunken duck-shooting incident whilst escaping from an illicit tryst. Amongst the eccentric family members, mad friends and grudgingly loyal servants involved are the eternally knitting Aunt Florrie, the tapeworm obsessed Mrs. E, Lady Phillipa of Staines (Liz Smith), who enjoys the odd 'small' sherry and the ever-present Old Scrotum, Sir Henry's wrinkled retainer.
Niagara, Niagara=1997-08-30="""Niagra, Niagra"" begins quietly in a drugstore in Poughkeepsie, where Marcie, the film's disarming heroine, likes to shoplift. She literally crashes into Seth, a quiet outsider, also on a shoplifting spree. Marcie invites Seth to accompany her to Canada to find a black hairstyling head. They set off in Seth's beat-up station wagon, destined for a toy store in Toronto. While on the road, Marcie confides to Seth that she has Tourette's syndrome, necessitating a series of detours to liquor stories and pharmacies along the roads of upstate New York."
GO=2001-10-20=Isao Yukisada spins this gritty coming-of-age tale about Sugihara, a Japanese-born, third-generation Korean who struggles to find a place in a society that will not accept him. The film begins with Sugihara studying at a Korean junior high school that is dedicated to memory of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il. His father is a grizzled ex-boxer who recently changed his citizenship from North to South Korea so he and his wife – Sugihara's mom – could visit Hawaii. Though his father regularly gets drunk and thrashes him, he also taught Sugihara the finer point of the sweet science. At one point in the film, Sugihara takes out an entire basketball team that was bent on taking him out. Upon graduation, Sugihara enters a normal Japanese high school where he meets and soon falls for Sakurai – a loose-sock copper-haired damsel who is attracted to Sugihara's restless spirit. As the film progresses, Sugihara struggles to throw off the stigma of his ethnicity and live a quiet, successful life.
How Do You Know=2010-12-17=After being cut from the USA softball team and feeling a bit past her prime, Lisa finds herself evaluating her life and in the middle of a love triangle, as a corporate guy in crisis competes with her current, baseball-playing beau.
Brúðguminn=2008-01-18=Jon, a middle-aged professor is going to get married tomorrow, for the second time, to one of his ex-students half his age. But it's not all roses. First, there's his cranky mother-in-law-to-be who violently opposes the marriage and who demands repayment of Jon's loan before the wedding night. Second, his plans to build a golf course on the little island of Flatey where they live aren't going at all to plan. Third, his extremely drunk best man is on the loose without any shoes and lastly, the continual presence of his emotional first wife is haunting his every move. When the guests start flocking to the island, Jon starts getting cold feet. After a very long night of drinking and thinking, will Jon be able to make it to the church on time?
Nuts=1987-11-20=A high-class call girl kills a customer in self-defense. To avoid scandal, her parents try to have her declared mentally incompetent. Not helping matters is that she is very distrustful of everybody, including her court-appointed attorney, and is very disruptive during her court hearings.
Blue Hawaii=1961-11-22=Chad Gates has just gotten out of the Army, and is happy to be back in Hawaii with his surf-board, his beach buddies, and his girlfriend.
Dr. Cabbie=2014-09-19=An unemployed doctor turned cab driver becomes a local hero when he converts his taxi into a mobile clinic. Dr. CABBIE is the heart warming journey of a young Indian Doctor who immigrates to Canada with the selfless ambition of healing others while beginning a new life in the land of opportunity. Dr. CABBIE discovers his true purpose and true love when he embarks upon this journey of a doctor turned cabbie.
Ben-Hur=1959-12-26=Ben-Hur is a 1959 epic film directed by William Wyler, the third film version of Civil War vet Lew Wallace's 1880 novel Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ. It premiered at Loew's State Theatre in New York City on November 18, 1959. The movie's reputation as a classic is primarily based on two spectacular action sequences:  the great chariot race and a Roman naval battle, along with lavish production values and strong performances.  The plot of Ben Hur revolves around a Jewish prince who is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend and how he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge. However, instead he finds redemption in Christ, the theme is ultimately about being saved in the Christian sense.  The film went on to win a record of eleven Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor (Charlton Heston as Ben Hur). This record-setting Oscars sweep has since been equaled by Titanic in 1998 and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King in 2004, but never broken.
The Ice Harvest=2005-11-23=A shady lawyer attempts a Christmas Eve crime, hoping to swindle the local mob out of some money. But his partner, a strip club owner, might have different plans for the cash.
The Hollow Point=2016-12-16=A retired lawman works with a new sheriff when a botched Mexican drug deal and a vicious hit man threaten their border town.
Great Expectations=1999-05-09=A young boy called Pip stumbles upon a hunted criminal who threatens him and demands food. A few years later, Pip finds that he has a benefactor. Imagining that Miss Havisham, a rich lady whose adopted daughter Estella he loves, is the benefactor, Pip believes in a grand plan at the end of which he will be married to Estella. However, when the criminal from his childhood turns up one stormy night and reveals that he, Magwitch, is his benefactor, Pip finds his dreams crumbling. Although initially repulsed by his benefactor, Pip gradually becomes loyal to him and stays with him until his death.
Il poliziotto è marcio=1974-07-12=Luc Merenda gives the performance of his career as a highly regarded police detective who is taking syndicate money in exchange for departmental favors. His father, a simple man, also works for the department but on a lower rung; he isn't jealous of his son, but rather proud of him, little knowing that he's a crooked cop. A series of events leads the young detective to ask his father for a favor (he wants a certain police report that is desired by the syndicate) and it doesn't take long for the detective's father to realize his son is on the take... which leads to numerous complications.
Häiriötekijä=2015-09-11=Distracted by life, Mr. Makkonen misses his engagement party by decades. From the cradle to the grave, life keeps interrupting, not only him, but a tired mother, a doomed superhero and the rest of the comrades in this uncontrollable world. Mixing comedy and fantasy with dark stories, Distractions will deliver the laughs with strings attached.
Crack House=1989-11-10=Rick and Melissa are a pair of young lovers hoping to get out of the slums for good and escape the poverty and crime their families and friends have gotten involved in. All this comes to an end when Rick feels he must rejoin his old gang to avenge the killing of his brother by a rival gang. In the course of getting even, Rick is arrested, leaving Melissa without anyone to protect her. She falls in with a crack dealer and quickly becomes addicted to the drug. When she gets sold to a drug kingpin by a minor dealer to pay off a debt, only Rick can save her.
The Man with the Golden Arm=1955-12-14=Frankie is a heroin addict and sits in prison. He wants a different life but the rehabilitation isn’t as easy as he had thought. Director Otto Preminger films one of the first social studies of an addict in this 1955 film.
The Panic in Needle Park=1971-07-13=This movie is a stark portrayal of life among a group of heroin addicts who hang out in Needle Park in New York City. Played against this setting is a low-key love story between Bobby, a young addict and small-time hustler, and Helen, a homeless girl who finds in her relationship with Bobby the stability she craves.
王立宇宙軍 オネアミスの翼=1987-03-14=On a future Earth, war between the Kingdom of Honneamise and its rival, The Republic, is inevitable. As evolving technology creates new ways to wage war, a small group seeks to propel mankind into space in their world’s first spaceflight program. For astronaut candidate Shirotsugh Lhadatt, it’s a personal odyssey as he grows from an aimless young man into a leader willing to put everything on the line in order to move the human race forward and away from the brink of Armageddon.
Carnival Magic=1981-01-01=A magician in a carnival--who actually can read minds and levitate people and objects--works with a superintelligent chimp named Alex, who can also talk. The magician and the chimp soon become the stars of the carnival, drawing in big crowds. However, the wild-animal trainer, who has been displaced by the team as the carnival's top act, decides to kidnap Alex and sell him to a medical laboratory for experimentation, thereby getting rid of his competition.
Jack of the Red Hearts=2015-05-06=A teenage con artist tricks a desperate mother into hiring her as a live-in companion for her autistic daughter.
The Bachelor Party=1957-04-09=Five office friends meet up for a night on the town to celebrate the forthcoming marriage of one of them. As the night wears on and the drink starts to tell, they become more confidential in expressing their concerns and hopes.
Daffy Duck's Movie: Fantastic Island=1983-08-05=Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales find a treasure map that leads them to a wishing well, which for a penny will grant any wish (through old cartoon footage). Daffy sets up a resort around the well and various Looney Tunes characters have their dreams come true. Meanwhile, Yosemite Sam and the Tasmanian Devil hunt for the varmints who stole their treasure map!
At Close Range=1986-04-18=Based upon the true story of Bruce Johnston Sr., his son, and his brothers; together, they constituted one of suburban Philadelphia's most notorious crime families during the 1970's. Their criminal activities ranged from burglary, theft... and ultimately, murder.
No Way Back=1995-05-12=When F.B.I. Agent Zack Grant's partner is killed during a blown-up operation, he attempts to find the person responsible. Mafiaso Frank Serlano believes Zack is responsible for his only sons death in the same operation and kidnaps Zacks son to hold as bait. The action gets wild when airline stewardess Mary is taken hostage to add what seems an another insurmountable problem for Zack. There appears to be No Way Out.
Mostly Ghostly=2008-09-30=Based on the successful book series by R.L. Stine, this spooky tale finds 11-year-old Max making a deal with the ghosts who haunt his home. If Max helps them find what was responsible for their parents' disappearance, they'll help him transform from a social nobody to the most popular kid in school.
The Invisible Woman=1940-12-27=A sexy model volunteers to be a test subject for a new invisibility machine. But does she have ulterior motives?
Brighton Rock=2010-09-13=Charts the headlong fall of Pinkie, a razor-wielding disadvantaged teenager with a religious death wish.
Steel Dawn=1987-11-06=In a post-apocalyptic world, a warrior wandering through the desert comes upon a group of settlers who are being menaced by a murderous gang that is after the water they control.
Persecuted=2014-05-09=Nationally acclaimed evangelist John Luther is the last obstacle in the way of sweeping religious reform in the States. When a U.S. Senator and Luther's own supporters abduct and frame him in the murder of an innocent teenage girl, an unprecedented era of persecution is unleashed. Out on personal recognizance, Luther escapes police surveillance in search of the truth. And suddenly, a once-normal life is targeted by a team of ex-military operatives who wage a relentless campaign to eliminate the incriminating evidence. As evangelist turned fugitive, Luther vows to expose anyone involved with or profiting from the girl's murder; a mission that brings him face-to-face with the coming storm of persecution that will threaten the entire Christian community in America.
Come Early Morning=2006-01-10=Lucy wakes up in bed with a stranger and obviously from a night of drinking. She checks out and pays for the motel room on her account. Through her grandmother, she finds out her father is in town and pays him a visit. She agrees to go to his new church.
Spiders=2000-01-01=A DNA experiment on a rare breed of spider is taking place on a NASA space shuttle, when a freak meteor shower engulfs the shuttle, causing everything to go horribly wrong. One survivor is found on the ship and watched over in a secret location deep in the California desert. The problem continues, as the survivor isn't alone, as another deadly spiders climbs out of him and goes on a rampage around the ship. Curious reporter Marci Eyre must now survive, escape and warn everyone before the spider reaches outside the desert.
Shrooms=2007-08-16=A group of American teens comes Ireland to visit an Irish school friend who takes them on a camping trip in search of the local, fabled magic mushrooms. When the hallucinations start taking hold, the panicked friends are attacked by ghostly creatures; never able to determine if they are experiencing gruesome reality or startling delirium.
The Pervert's Guide to Ideology=2012-09-07=Philosopher Slavoj Žižek and filmmaker Sophie Fiennes reunites for this follow-up to their hit The Pervert's Guide to Cinema, using their interpretation of moving pictures to present a compelling cinematic journey into the heart of ideology – the dreams that shape our collective beliefs and practices.
Gli invincibili tre=1964-11-26=(1964) Alan Steel, Lisa Gastoni, Mimmo Palmara, Rosalba Neri. Steel and his sword-wielding pals run head-on into the forces of a cruel tyrant. There's a bit more intentional comedy than usual in this sword and sandal opus. All the usual court intrigue comes into play as the bad guys are eventually subdued. If you like lots of sword fighting, this ones for you. Color, 16mm.
Jaws=1975-06-18=An insatiable great white shark terrorizes the townspeople of Amity Island, The police chief, an oceanographer and a grizzled shark hunter seek to destroy the bloodthirsty beast.
Werewolf: The Beast Among Us=2012-10-09=Set in a 19th century village, a young man studying under a local doctor joins a team of hunters on the trail of a wolf-like creature.
Adulterers=2016-01-05=A man who returns home to find his wife cheating on him on their anniversary. He holds her and her naked and humiliated lover captive at gunpoint while he decides whether or not he's going to kill them. The story, inspired by true events, takes place over one day and is set in New Orleans during a stifling heat wave.
Evelyn Prentice=1934-11-09=A criminal lawyer's wife faces blackmail when she has an affair.
In Memory of My Father=2005-06-03=The youngest son of a legendary Hollywood producer, a Robert Evans type, accepts a bribe from his father to document his death.
傷物語〈Ⅲ冷血篇〉=2017-01-06=With help from Meme Oshino, the apparition specialist, Koyomi defeats the three powerful vampire hunters: Dramaturgy, Episode and Guillotinecutter. Koyomi takes back all the limbs of Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade in order to become a human again.
Big Buck Bunny=2008-04-10=Follow a day of the life of Big Buck Bunny when he meets three bullying rodents: Frank, Rinky, and Gamera. The rodents amuse themselves by harassing helpless creatures by throwing fruits, nuts and rocks at them. After the deaths of two of Bunny's favorite butterflies, and an offensive attack on Bunny himself, Bunny sets aside his gentle nature and orchestrates a complex plan for revenge.
The Prestige=2006-10-19=A mysterious story of two magicians whose intense rivalry leads them on a life-long battle for supremacy -- full of obsession, deceit and jealousy with dangerous and deadly consequences.
The Petrified Forest=1936-02-08=Gabby lives and works at her dads small diner out in the desert. She can't stand it and wants to go and live with her mother in France. Along comes Alan, a broke man with no will to live, who is traveling to see the pacific, and maybe to drown in it. Meanwhile Duke Mantee a notorious killer and his gang is heading towards the diner where Mantee plan on meeting up with his girl.
Mark Twain=2002-01-14=Largely considered to be the greatest American author, Mark Twain is celebrated in this exhaustive documentary by filmmaker Ken Burns.
Pitch Perfect=2012-09-28=College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions.
Docteur Jekyll et les femmes=1981-06-17=It's the engagement party for brilliant young Dr. Henry Jekyll and his fiancée, the beautiful Fanny Osbourne, attended by various pillars of Victorian society. But when people are found raped and murdered outside and ultimately inside the house, it becomes clear that a madman has broken in to disrupt the festivities - but who is he? And why does Dr. Jekyll keep sneaking off to his laboratory?
Estranged=2015-08-28=Due to a near-fatal accident that has left her incapacitated and depleted of her long-term memory, a temporarily wheelchair-bound woman returns home after being abroad for six years accompanied by her bohemian boyfriend, the apparent cause of the accident. Unable to remember her family or her own childhood, she sets out, with the help of her boyfriend, to find the reason for her leaving all those years ago and quickly discovers her relatives may not be as loving as she’d thought
DJ Q.bert's Wave Twisters=2001-01-23=A crew of heroes is determined to save the lost arts of Hip Hop. Break Dancing, Graffiti, MCing, and DJing from total extinction. The lost arts are being oppressed throughout inner-space by lord Ook and his evil minions the Chinheads. The dental commander Dr. Julio Azul DDS, assumed to be secretary Honey Drips, Dental Hygienist/Robot Rubbish, and Grandpa have a series of adventures, synch'd to the music. Armed with the ancient relic known as the Wave Twister (a small turntable/wristwatch, the only weapon powerful enough to defeat the enemies), they travel to the far ends of inner-space for a final confrontation with the sinister army of oppressors.
Der Baader Meinhof Komplex=2008-09-24="Der Baader Meinhof Komplex depicts the political turmoil in the period from 1967 to the bloody ""Deutschen Herbst"" in 1977. The movie approaches the events based on Stefan Aust's standard work on Die Rote Armee Fraktion (RAF). The story centers on the leadership of the self named anti-fascist resistance to state violence: Andreas Baader, Ulrike Meinhof and Gudrun Ensslin."
Ben Gleib: Neurotic Gangster=2016-06-03="Satirical comedian Ben Gleib, dubbed the ""next big thing"" on Esquire's comedian list, performs his first one-hour comedy special where he tackles social media, singledom, vegetarians and everything in between."
Three Little Wolves=1936-04-18=Two little pigs cry wolf on their brother and then an actual wolf comes.
Even Money=2006-03-01=Gambling addiction bring the stories of three otherwise unconnected people together as it destroys each of their lives.
Le Plaisir=1952-02-29=Three stories about the pleasure. The first one is about a man hiding his age behind a mask to keep going to balls and fancying women - pleasure and youth. Then comes the long tale of Mme Tellier taking her girls (whores) to the country for attending her niece's communion - pleasure and purity. And lastly, Jean the painter falling in love with his model - pleasure and death.
Exists=2014-03-17=A group of friends who venture into the remote Texas woods for a party weekend find themselves stalked by Bigfoot.
The Hidden II=1993-09-06=The alien criminal from the first movie is dead, but he left a few eggs which are hatching now. The good alien, who still inhabits Tom Beck's body, has been waiting just in case this happened. Unfortunately, his presence in the body has taken a terrible toll on it, draining it of life energy. Additionally relations with Beck's daughter Juliet (now a cop) have deteriorated. But when the killing starts again, they will need to work together to stop the new generation of aliens.
La residencia=1969-01-01="Lilli Palmer owns and runs a school for wayward girls in France. Her absolute discipline has fostered a social order among the girls with rampant sex, lesbianism and torture the norm. Palmer also has an adolescent son (Moulder Brown) she tries to keep isolated from the young women lest he be tainted by sexual relations; She explains that he must wait for a girl ""just like his mother"". Meanwhile, girls are ""running away"" (being murdered) one by one, with their corpses and any evidence of their outcome not to be found."
La graine et le mulet=2007-12-24=At the port of Sète, Mr. Slimani, a tired 60-year-old, drags himself toward a shipyard job that has become more and more difficult to cope with as the years go by. He is a divorced father who forces himself to stay close to his family despite the schisms and tensions that are easily sparked off and that financial difficulties make even more intense. He is going through a delicate period in his life and, recently, everything seems to make him feel useless: a failure. He wants to escape from it all and set up his own restaurant. However, it appears to be an unreachable dream given his meager, irregular salary that is not anywhere near enough to supply what he needs to realize his ambition. But he can still dream and talk about it with his family in particular. A family that gradually gives its support to this project, which comes to symbolize the means to a better life. Thanks to its ingeniousness and hard work, this dream soon becomes a reality...or almost...
The Work of Director Spike Jonze=2003-10-20=When you experience The Work of Director Spike Jonze, you enter a world where anything can happen and frequently does. From the innovative director of Being John Malkovich and Adaptation., this superior compilation of music videos, documentaries, interviews, and early rarities offers abundant proof that Jonze is the real deal--a filmmaker ablaze with fresh ideas and fresh ways of filming them. Featuring The Beastie Boys, Bjork, Weezer, The Pharcyde, Fatboy Slim and many others.
Robin and Marian=1976-03-11=Whatever became of Robin Hood after his famed tale of good deeds ended? Now you can find out, in this sequel that takes place years after Robin and his merry men bested the Sheriff of Nottingham. After following Richard the Lionhearted to the crusades, Robin (Sean Connery) returns to Sherwood Forest to find things drastically changed. Audrey Hepburn plays the stalwart Marian … who's joined a nunnery!
Rings=2005-03-08=Some time after the events of The Ring, a subculture of people voluntarily watch Samara Morgan's video and wait to see how close to the seven-day deadline they can get before showing it to the next person. They record everything they see and share their experiences on a secret website dedicated to the videotape. No one has ever recorded a day seven.
Apricot=2009-12-09=A mysterious man with missing memories asks some very personal questions of a beautiful woman he just met.
아가씨=2016-06-01=1930s Korea, in the period of Japanese occupation, a new girl (Sookee) is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress (Hideko) who lives a secluded life on a large countryside estate with her domineering Uncle (Kouzuki). But the maid has a secret. She is a pickpocket recruited by a swindler posing as a Japanese Count to help him seduce the Lady to elope with him, rob her of her fortune, and lock her up in a madhouse. The plan seems to proceed according to plan until Sookee and Hideko discover some unexpected emotions.
Sunshine Superman=2015-05-22=Documentary portrait of Carl Boenish, the father of the BASE jumping movement, whose early passion for skydiving led him to ever more spectacular -and dangerous- feats of foot-launched human flight.
The Hills Have Eyes II=2007-03-22=A group of National Guard trainees find themselves battling against a vicious group of mutants on their last day of training in the desert.
Baffled!=1973-01-29=Race car driver suffers from visions where he sees people killed. An ESP expert believes that his visions will really happen.
Alcoholist=2017-05-18=An alcoholic spends all his time spying on his neighbor, waiting for the right moment to kill him.
Curious George 2: Follow That Monkey!=2009-10-27=The film chronicles George's adventures as he befriends Kayla, a baby elephant, at a magic circus show and helps her travel across the country to be reunited with her family.Accompanied by his friend, the Man with the Yellow Hat, George travels by foot, train, and truck to reach Kayla's brother and sister in California, only to be accused of elephant-napping and brought all the way back to New York.
5 Card Stud=1968-07-28=The players in an ongoing poker game are being mysteriously killed off, one by one.
Mercredi, folle journée !=2001-03-28=Day Off (French: Mercredi, folle journée !) is a 2001 French drama film directed by Pascal Thomas.
Lilla Jönssonligan och Cornflakeskuppen=1996-11-29=En film baserad på de svenska filmerna om Jönssonligan. I denna film får möter vi Jönssonligan som barn då de försöker slå till mot en cornflakesfabrik för att slå beslag på samlarbilder.
해무=2014-08-13=A fishing-boat crew takes on a dangerous commission to smuggle a group of illegal immigrants from China to Korea.
The Conversation=1974-04-07=Surveillance expert Harry Caul (Gene Hackman) is hired by a mysterious client's brusque aide (Harrison Ford) to tail a young couple, Mark (Frederic Forrest) and Ann (Cindy Williams). Tracking the pair through San Francisco's Union Square, Caul and his associate Stan (John Cazale) manage to record a cryptic conversation between them. Tormented by memories of a previous case that ended badly, Caul becomes obsessed with the resulting tape, trying to determine if the couple are in danger.
The Great Gatsby=2013-05-10=An adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long Island-set novel, where Midwesterner Nick Carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbor, Jay Gatsby. Soon enough, however, Carraway will see through the cracks of Gatsby's nouveau riche existence, where obsession, madness, and tragedy await.
Ishq Vishk=2003-04-10=Rajiv Mathur decides to go conditionally steady with fellow collegian, Payal, so that be can be permitted to go on an outing. Payal accepts, and accompanies him. During the outing, he gets intoxicated, and attempts to molest her, and she decides to dump him. Thereafter, slighted but not beaten - Rajiv turns on his charms on another beauty - the gorgeous Alisha Sahay. But will she be as permissible as Payal?
Monopol=1996-11-29=Egil (Knut Agnred) is just an ordinary painter. But one day, when he's about to paint a fence, incredible stuff starts to happen!
คิดถึงวิทยา=2014-03-20=It follows the story of two lonely teachers, a male (Song) and a female (Ann). They were assigned at the same rural school in the Chiang Mai area, but a year apart. The girl being assigned first, attempted to write her thoughts in a diary, being stuck out in boonies. One day she has to be transferred to another school and left the diary. The male teacher came by as a substitute and saw the diary, thus, falling in love with the unacquainted writer. He also wrote his thoughts in it. The guy also left and the lady returned and saw that there are added articles in the diary. She also fell in love with him but now having a hard time looking for the boy. Will the two ever meet?
American Reunion=2012-04-04=The characters we met a little more than a decade ago are returning to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn’t and that time and distance can’t break the bonds of friendship. It was summer 1999 when four small-town Michigan boys began a quest to lose their virginity. In the years that have passed, Jim and Michelle married while Kevin and Vicky said goodbye. Oz and Heather grew apart, but Finch still longs for Stifler’s mom. Now these lifelong friends have come home as adults to reminisce about – and get inspired by – the hormonal teens who launched a comedy legend.
君に届け=2010-09-25=Sawako Kuronuma, called Sadako by her classmates for her resemblance to the character from Ring, has always been feared and misunderstood because of her appearance. There are rumors that Sawako can see ghosts and curse people. However, despite her appearances, she is a sweet and timid girl who longs to be able to make friends with everyone and be liked by everyone else. When her idol, popular boy Kazehaya, begins talking with her, everything changes. She finds herself in a new world, trying to make friends and talking to different people and she can't thank Kazehaya enough for giving her these opportunities. Slowly, but surely, a sweet love is blossoming between the two as they will overtake any circumstance or clear obstacles in their way.
A Kind of Loving=1962-04-12=After his girlfriend's pregnancy forces him to marry her, a young man must adjust to his new life and contend with his domineering mother-in-law.
La magie Méliès=1997-01-01=A documentary about George Méliès.
Je, Tu, Il, Elle=1976-11-17=For more than a month, eating only powdered sugar, a woman tries to deal with a breakup: she paints her room twice, removes the furniture, writes and rewrites a letter to her lover, clarifying all she had said. She spreads the pages on the floor. She lies down and waits. Finally, her sugar eaten, she is hungry and leaves. She flags down a truck; she and the trucker drive through the dark, stopping at a diner and bars. He asks for a hand job, she complies. He talks about his wife, children, and sex life. She arrives at the flat of her lover, a woman, who tells her she cannot stay. She says she is hungry, so her lover feeds her then allows her to stay the night. They make love.
Angel of Christmas=2015-11-29=Susan is a newspaper staffer who decides to generate some Christmas spirit by writing an article about her family’s storied 100-year-old, hand-carved, heirloom Christmas angel. This leads her to accidentally meet Brady, a cute, upbeat artist who insists that he and Susan become fast friends (at least). It turns out that this angel also has the spiritual power to bring people together – as it seems to be doing with Susan and Brady. What’s behind this enchanted ornament? As time moves on, more about this captivating artifact is revealed.
It Came from Outer Space=1953-05-26=Author &amp; amateur astronomer John Putnam and schoolteacher Ellen Fields witness an enormous meteorite come down near a small town in Arizona, but Putnam becomes a local object of scorn when, after examining the object up close, he announces that it is a spacecraft, and that it is inhabited...
Air Bud 3: World Pup=2001-06-29=In this second heartwarming and hilarious sequel to the popular favorite, Air Bud masters two new starring roles: soccer (real football) player and fatherhood. Loaded with laughs and cool soccer action, Buddy teams up alongside U.S. women's soccer greats.
Mammy=1930-03-26=Mammy features Al Jolson as the star of a travelling minstrel show, appearing in a small Southern town. Jolson falls in love with an actress in the troupe (Lois Moran), but she loves another. One of Jolson's fellow minstrels (Lowell Sherman) is shot backstage, and it is assumed thanks to several plot convolutions that Jolson is guilty of the deed.
Le Coût de la vie=2003-07-30="Une héritière qui n'arrive pas à hériter, un radin qui ne peut rien dépenser, un petit garçon qui trouve un billet dans la rue, un restaurateur prodigue qui ne fait que donner... Tels sont, entre autres, les personnages de ce film ""choral"". Pourquoi certains dépensent-ils de manière convulsive là où d'autres retiennent l'argent comme la partie la plus vitale de leur être ? On croit parler d'argent, mais c'est d'amour dont il s'agit."
Sicilia!=1999-09-15=A man returns to visit his native Sicily after living in New York for a long time. He learns about the Sicilian way of life from stylized conversations with an orange picker, his fellow train passengers, his mother, and a knife-sharpener.
Les amants réguliers=2005-09-14=1968 and 1969 in Paris: during and after the student and trade union revolt. François is 20, a poet, dodging military service. He takes to the barricades, but won't throw a Molotov cocktail at the police. He smokes opium and talks about revolution with his friend, Antoine, who has an inheritance and a flat where François can stay. François meets Lilie, a sculptor who works at a foundry to support herself. They fall in love. A year passes; François continues to write, talk, smoke, and be with Lilie. Opportunities come to Lilie: what will she and François do?
Amar te duele=2002-11-08=Renata is a young high-class girl and Ulises is a poor guy. They both fall in love, but they must fight against everyone, specially Renata's rich parents, who want to stop their love by sending her to Canada. The story remarks the difference between social classes in mexico City, and their characters risk everything just to save their love.
Hôhokekyo tonari no Yamada-kun=1999-07-17=The Yamadas are a typical middle class Japanese family in urban Tokyo and this film shows us a variety of episodes of their lives. With tales that range from the humourous to the heartbreaking, we see this family cope with life's little conflicts, problems and joys in their own way.
Je rentre à la maison=2001-01-01=The comfortable daily routines of aging Parisian actor Gilbert Valence, 76, are suddenly shaken when he learns that his wife, daughter, and son-in-law have been killed in a car crash. Having to take care of his now-orphaned grandson, he struggles to go on with his lifelong acting career like he's used to. But the roles he is offered -- a flashy TV show and a hectic last-minute replacement in an English-language film of Joyce's Ulysses -- finally convince him that it's time to retire.
Les Aiguilles rouges=2006-05-10=September 1960: on a purely punitive basis, eight scouts must climb the solid mass of Brévent to 2500 meters of altitude. The so beautiful and so majestic mountain which draws up face them very quickly reveals dangerous. All the techniques of orientation learned at the scouts will do nothing there. The teenagers find themselves delivered to themselves. Lost in the abrupt throats, the eight boys are confronted cold, with the hunger and the fear.
B-Movie: Lust & Sound in West-Berlin=2015-02-05=Documentary about the wild music scene in West Berlin between 1979 and 1989.
Sharpe's Regiment=1996-05-01=Told his battalion is to be split up due to lack of recruits at home, Sharpe and Harper return to England to investigate. What should have been a simple query turns politically explosive as they come nearer to exposing profiteering on the home front that could jeopardize the Wellington's war.
Daylight Robbery=2008-08-29=Alex masterminds an ambitious plan to steal millions of untraceable cash that is stacked in the underground vaults of The London Exchange Bank, waiting for its last journey, Incineration. Lucky, Matty, Terry, Chubby, Norman and Jay make up his unlikely gang of robbers. Setting up their alibi, the gang check in for a flight and join in with thousands of England supporters that are part of a mass exodus to The World Cup Tournament in Germany.
Messiah of Evil=1973-01-01=A young woman goes searching for her missing artist father. Her journey takes her to a strange Californian seaside town governed by a mysterious undead cult.
La délicatesse=2011-12-20=A French woman mourning over the death of her husband three years prior is courted by a Swedish co-worker.
Imaginary Friend=2012-06-02=During her traumatic childhood with an abusive father, Emma relied on an imaginary friend for strength. She is now an artist struggling with mental illness living with her apparently loving husband, Brad. But when Emma's imaginary friend starts reappearing, she knows she's losing her grip. Desperate to save her marriage and show Brad she is in control, Emma takes drastic measures to free herself of her torment and her imaginary friend.
Virgin Territory=2007-12-17=The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow.
银河铁道之夜=1985-07-13=Giovanni currently lives a dreary life of near non-stop work. At school, his peers ridicule him incessantly, and his employer at work is distant and cold. As his isolation from society becomes unbearable, he suddenly finds himself on a train heading far away from his miserable home. Accompanied by Campanella, an acquaintance from school, Giovanni embarks on a journey that will define the rest of his life.
The Hunters=1958-09-01=With its electrifying flight sequences and high-powered cast, The Hunters is a mesmerizing film based on the best-selling novel by veteran fighter pilot James Salter. Set during the height of the Korean War, the story centers on Major Cleve Saville (Robert Mitchum), a master of the newly operational F-86 Sabre fighter jets. But adept as he is at flying, Saville¹s personal life takes a nosedive when he falls in love with his wingman¹s (Lee Philips) beautiful wife (May Britt). To make matters worse, Saville must cope with a loud-mouthed rookie (Robert Wagner) in a daring rescue mission that threatens all their lives in this well-crafted war drama.
When Hari Got Married=2013-03-16=Age-old customs and traditions collide with a rapidly modernizing India when Hari, a small-town taxi driver, has an arranged marriage to a girl he has never met
Swearnet: The Movie=2014-08-29=Fed up with being censored in their post-Trailer Park Boys lives, the out of work stars/world-renowned 'swearists', Mike Smith, Robb Wells and John Paul Tremblay decide to start their own uncensored network on the internet.
Midnight=1934-03-17=Jury foreman Edward Weldon's questioning leads to the death sentence for Ethel Saxon. His daughter Stella claims to have killed her lover, the gangster Garboni, just as Saxon was to sit in the electric chair.
Jäähyväiset presidentille=1987-01-16=Asko Mertanen is a waiter who is very interested in shooting. He gets fed up how the things are run in Finland, so he thinks that the best way to change them is to shoot the Finnish president.
A escondidas=2014-10-03=At the age of 14 the world around you changes at a dizzying speed. But what if actually it's you that changing? What if these changes take you away from what up until now, has been your world? Ibrahim and Rafa are going to suffer these changes for themselves, experiencing first love in a way they never could have imagined. And having to keep it Hidden away.
Bruc, La llegenda=2010-12-22=1808. The Napoleonic Army suffers its first defeat at the hands of a single man: a drummer boy who used the Montserrat mountains to echo his drums and send the enemy troops into a panicked retreat. When the news reaches Napoleon, he furiously orders the captain of the Imperial Guard to bring back the head of the young hero responsible for his army's defeat. The captain gathers together a band of his best and most deadly men and so begins the hunt to death of the soldier who was to become a legend.
My 5 Wives=2000-09-08=A three times divorced real estate tycoon, who thought he was through with love. Gets more then he bargained for when he invests in some property for a ski resort in Utah.
Behinderte Zukunft=1971-01-01=A documentary by Werner Herzog exploring the different treatment accorded to the disabled in Germany and the USA.
Silent Fall=1994-10-28=An autistic boy witnesses his parents' double murder. Richard Dreyfuss as a controversial therapist, seeks to probe the child's mind in order to solve the case.
Italianamerican=1974-01-01=Filmmaker Martin Scorsese interviews his mother and father about their life in New York and family history back in Sicily.
Everybody's All-American=1988-11-04=Louisiana football star Gavin Grey had it all. He was an All-American champion who married his high-school sweetheart, homecoming queen Babs Rogers, and who was a hero to his hometown. Yet after a failed professional career, Gavin realizes that fame and success have passed him by and that he no longer is the hero everyone keeps reminding him he should still be. His dissatisfaction with his life leads to strains in his marriage, and Gavin begins to wonder who he is, if he's not a hero anymore.
N: The Madness Of Reason=2014-11-08=N recounts the story of the Frenchman Raymond Borremans, who left Europe for Africa in the mid-20th-century. He devoted his life to the creation of the first encyclopaedia of this other world, dreaming of eternal recognition. He died, however, having only reached the letter N. With his encyclopaedia incomplete, his restless spirit drifts around West Africa, caught between life and death, past and present. This is the story of how he tries to complete his unfinished task from beyond death. N is both visually and musically a truly striking film. It is a multi-layered audio-visual symphony of great narrative richness. Hovering between dream and reality, this magical film plays on the confrontation between the Western mind and African spirituality.
Mannen som slutade röka=1972-12-16=The Plot focuses on Dante Alighieri, a young man who loves smoking. When his father dies Dante inherits $17 million on one special condition: He must give up smoking in 14 days and then stay smoke-free for an entire year. If he fails, his uncle inherits the $17 million instead. Dante has a living hell while trying to quit, and hires a private detective agency called Little Secret Service who he gives free hands to stop him from smoking, While his uncle, who has taken up smoking himself, also does everything he can to make Dante smoke again.
Canadian Bacon=1995-06-08=Canadian Bacon is the only fictitious film from Director Michael Moore. This comedy is about an American president who decides to go to war to bring the public’s opinion of him up during election time. Canadian Bacon is actor John Candy’s last film.
喜宴=1993-08-04=A Taiwanese-American man is happily settled in New York with his American boyfriend. He plans a marriage of convenience to a Chinese woman in order to keep his parents off his back and to get the woman a green card. Chaos follows when his parents arrive in New York for the wedding.
Batismo de Sangue=2006-01-01=In São Paulo, in the late 1960s, the convent of the Dominican friars became a trench of resistance to the military dictatorship that governs Brazil. Moved by Christian ideals, frets Betto, Oswaldo, Fernando, Ivo and Tito came to support the guerrilla group Ação Libertadora Nacional, commanded by Carlos Marighella.
Keoma=1976-11-25=Half-breed Keoma returns to his border hometown after service in the Civil War and finds it under the control of Caldwell, an ex-Confederate raider, and his vicious gang of thugs. To make matters worse, Keoma's three half-brothers have joined forces with Caldwell, and make it painfully clear that his return is an unwelcome one. Determined to break Caldwell and his brothers' grip on the town, Keoma partners with his father's former ranch hand to exact violent revenge.
The Hunting of the President=2004-06-20=Previously unreleased material outlines the campaign against Bill Clinton's presidency, from his days in Arkansas up to his impeachment trial.
Lusers=2015-10-01=Three guys from differents countries (Peru, Argentina and Chile) come together in a funny adventure through the jungle in order to get to the Final of the FIFA World Cup Brasil 2014.
Stiletto=2008-04-29=The seemingly random killings of an assassin puzzle her former lover, a wealthy Greek crime boss whose organization is jeopardized by his love for her, and the detective following her rising body count
Eraser=1996-06-21=U.S. Marshall John Kruger erases the identities of people enrolled in the Witness Protection Program. His current assignment is to protect Lee Cullen, who's uncovered evidence that the weapons manufacturer she works for has been selling to terrorist groups. When Kruger discovers that there's a corrupt agent within the program, he must guard his own life while trying to protect Lee's.
Salomè=1972-02-19=A psychedelic re-telling of the biblical story. Salome is the daughter of the second wife of King Herod. The King is infatuated with her and after she fails to seduce the prophet John (The Baptist) she dances for the King in order to ask for his execution. The story is told in a bizarre way of fast cuts, repetitive dialogue and extreme satire.
I Spit on Your Grave 2=2013-08-25=Naturally beautiful, Katie has just settled into New York where she, like many other young women, is trying to make it as a model. But what starts out as an innocent and simple photo shoot soon turns into something disturbingly unthinkable! Raped, tortured and kidnapped to a foreign country, Jessica is buried alive and left to die. Against all odds, she manages to escape. Severely injured, she will have to tap into the darkest places of the human psyche to not only survive, but to exact her revenge…
The Brink's Job=1978-12-08=After a long time of bad luck, the little criminal Tony and his gang successfully rob one of Brink's security transport, taking $30,000. Surprisingly their coup doesn't make the press. Curious Tony checks out their headquarters and finds out that their security standard is low beyond belief. Now a really big coup is prepared... Written by Tom Zoerner
The Matrix=1999-03-30=Set in the 22nd century, The Matrix tells the story of a computer hacker who joins a group of underground insurgents fighting the vast and powerful computers who now rule the earth.
Assassin=2015-03-09=Ruthless killer for hire breaks the rules of his profession and falls for a beautiful young woman. Discovering the notorious gangland brothers had hired him to kill her father, his world breaks down and he must turn against his criminal employers and their gang to save the woman he loves.
Deadlier Than the Male=1967-02-12=In this 1967 drama, resourceful British agent Bulldog Drummond, who appeared onscreen in a series of spy stories between 1929 and 1951, returned to duty in the wake of James Bond. Here, Drummond (Richard Johnson) is on the trail of Carl Petersen (Nigel Green), a corrupt industrialist who has a bad habit of stealing the ideas of others and then killing them so he can reap their profits. The nefarious Petersen has a team of female assistants willing to kill on command, led by Irma (Elke Sommer) and Penelope (Sylva Koscina). One more Bulldog Drummond vehicle, Some Girls Do, followed in 1969 before the series was retired again
The Gamechangers=2015-09-15=This 90-minute factual drama goes behind the scenes of the hit video game Grand Theft Auto, arguably the greatest British coding success since Bletchley Park.  The fastest-selling entertainment product in history comes not from Silicon Valley, but is driven by a bunch of British game designers. Friends since their school days, they are led by the game's mastermind-designer, Sam Houser. By 2002, Sam and his creative team have constructed for their fans a vast virtual world, teeming with a high-octane mix of criminal characters, lethal weapons and outrageous storylines. Here you can even shape and sculpt your avatar, crafting their character and appearance to your personal preference.  This drama is for an adult audience and has not been authorised by the producers of Grand Theft Auto. Rather, it is based on court documents and interviews with many of those involved in the real events behind this compelling story.
Wildflower=2016-02-05=When a college student starts having a reoccurring nightmare, she begins to believe that it's a suppressed memory. Her search to find the answers forces her to confront her past traumas, while at the same time, helps her unlock a mystery that may bring a killer to justice.
Permissive=1970-05-17=When Suzy arrives in London to visit an old school friend, she is unwittingly plunged into the ruthless world of the 'groupie'. Fuelled by sex, drugs and jealousy, her new lifestyle fosters in her a cold, cynical instinct for survival. But tragedy is never far away. With its effective blend of gritty location work, brooding flash-forward devices, and a soundtrack by cult acid folk and prog rock legends Comus, Forever More - who also star - and Titus Groan, Permissive is a dark British counter-cultural artefact that's shot through with grim authenticity. As a bonus, this release also includes Stanley Long's ultra-rare Bread, a film which, whilst exploring the same cultural milieu as Permissive (and featuring its own bona fide cult British rock band, Juicy Lucy), takes a somewhat more lighthearted approach to its subject.
La casa con la scala nel buio=1983-08-06=A killer stalks a composer staying at a posh Tuscany villa while writing the score to a horror film which has an incriminating clue to the killer's identity.
The West=1996-09-15=This documentary covers the history of the American West from the Native American tribes to their encounter with Europeans and how the Europeans conquered them and settled the land. In telling this story, the film takes into the account to both the viewpoints of Indians and other minorities to balance the white populations history.
Dead Man's Curve=1998-01-24=Two roommates plan to kill a third to take advantage of college policy giving a 4.0 grade to a suicide's roommates.
E-clip-se=1999-09-01=During the solar eclipse of August 11, 1999, Chris Marker documents the French public looking up to the skies, with many of them wearing eclipse glasses.
Visions=2015-08-28=After moving to a vineyard with her family, a pregnant woman experiences horrifying visions.
The Sound of Insects: Record of a Mummy=2009-05-01=The incredible story of how the mummified corpse of a 40-year-old man was discovered by a hunter in one of the most remote parts of the country. The dead man's detailed notes reveal that he actually committed suicide through self-imposed starvation only the summer before. Liechti's film is a stunning rapprochement of a fictional text, which itself is based upon a true event: a cinematic manifesto for life, challenged by the main character's radical renunciation of life itself. (peterliechti.ch)
The Bingo Long Traveling All-Stars & Motor Kings=1976-07-16=Tired of the slave-like treatment of his team's owner, charismatic star Negro League pitcher Bingo Long takes to the road with his band of barnstormers through the small towns of the Midwest in the 1930's.
And Then There Was You=2013-10-19=Natalie resorts to picking up the pieces of her life after her husband leaves her for the family he has outside. she falls in love with Darrell, but he has secrets of his own. Can Natalie handle any more secrets?
Trilogy of Terror II=1996-10-30="Three tales of terror: in ""The Graveyard Rats"" lovers murder the woman's older husband and encounter horror when they attempt to rob his grave; ""Bobby"" is the story of a woman who summons her son back from the dead; and in ""He Who Kills"" an African doll goes on a murderous rampage."
Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer=2007-04-30=A tribute to jazz diva Anita O'Day, completed just weeks before her death in November 2006.
The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader Murdering Mom=1993-04-10=When her daughter Shanna is disqualified from competing for her Junior High School cheer leading squad, Wanda Holloway tries to get her ex-husband's brother, Terry Harper, to hire a hitman to incapacitate Shanna's rival or the girl's mother. He wants nothing to do with it and after several unsuccessful attempts, finally manages to convince the police that Wanda is serious. She is eventually arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit murder but when the media get hold of the story, it becomes a sensation, making front page news around the world. Based on a true story.
The Miracle Worker=1962-05-22=The true story of the frightening, lonely world of silence and darkness of 7-year-old Helen Keller who, since infancy, has never seen the sky, heard her mother's voice or expressed her innermost feelings. Then Annie Sullivan, a 20-year-old teacher from Boston, arrives. Having just recently regained her own sight, the no-nonsense Annie reaches out to Helen through the power of touch, the only tool they have in common, and leads her bold pupil on a miraculous journey from fear and isolation to happiness and light.
Last of the Comanches=1953-02-01=It's 1876 and all the Indians are at peace except the Comanches lead by Black Cloud. When Black Cloud wipes out a town, only six soldiers are left and they head for the nearest fort. In the desert they are reinforced by members of a stagecoach and find some water at a deserted mission. Pinned down by Black Cloud they send an Indian boy who was Black Cloud's prisoner on to the fort while they try to bargain with Black Cloud whom they learn is without water.
Entre Nos=2009-04-25=Abruptly abandoned by her husband in a country completely foreign to her, Colombian native Mariana (Paola Mendoza) struggles to take care of herself and her two young children on the unforgiving streets of New York City. Sebastian Villada, Laura Montana and Anthony Chisholm also star in this gritty independent drama jointly written and directed by Mendoza and her collaborator Gloria La Morte.
Wyatt Earp's Revenge=2012-03-06=Wyatt Earp is approached by a journalist for an interview about how he became a famous sheriff. Earp told the story of how he was a fearless U.S. Marshall. If 27-year old Wyatt Earp comes out that his first girlfriend Dora Hand was murdered. Together with his friend Doc Holliday, Bat Masterson, Bill Tilghman and Charlie Bassett he goes hunting for the perpetrator ...
I quattro pistoleri di Santa Trinitá=1971-05-29=Arms trafficking with the Indians on the one hand and acquiring documents concerning the ownership of a goldmine on the other are the principal interests of Quin and Gomez, the highly suspicious guests at Papa Martinez' inn. The unexpected arrival of the sheriff Thomas, and the journalist, George, upsets the plans of the two unsavoury allies and they have to try every kind of trick to win out against such adversaries.
Prowl=2010-09-04=Amber dreams of escaping her small town existence and persuades her friends to accompany her to find an apartment in the big city. When their transportation breaks down, she and her friends gratefully accept a ride in the back of a semi. But when the driver refuses to stop and they discover the cargo is hundreds of cartons of blood, they panic. Their panic turns to terror when the truck disgorges them into a dark, abandoned warehouse where blood-thirsty creatures learn to hunt human prey, which, the friends realize, is what they now are... Written by Svetlio Svilenov
Nasanunaka=1932-12-16=In No Blood Relation, a gripping early example of Mikio Naruse’s cinematic boldness, featuring a screenplay by Ozu’s famed collaborator Kogo Noda, an actress returns to Tokyo after a successful stint in Hollywood to reclaim—with the help of her gangster brother—the daughter she abandoned years before.
Dudes & Dragons=2015-10-10=When the powerful wizard, Lord Tensley, is jilted by Princess Ennogard, he vows to rid the land of love. He commands his fire-breathing dragon to destroy any sign of affection seen throughout the kingdom. As the death toll rises, Camilan, a brave but arrogant warrior seeks to marry his true love despite the curse upon the land. In order to fulfill his destiny, he seeks the help of his estranged brother Ramicus, a bounty hunter with no desire to get involved. It takes an enchanted distress message and the promise of great reward from the beautiful Princess Ennogard, to lure Ramicus into the quest to defeat the wizard and his terrible beast.
Once Upon A Mattress=2005-12-18="Queen Aggravain has ruled that none may marry until her son, Prince Dauntless marries. However, she has managed to sabotage every princess that come along. When Sir Harry and Lady Larken learn that they are going to be parents, wed or not, he goes off to the swamps and brings back Princess Winnifred (""Fred"" to her friends)."
Crystal Fairy & the Magical Cactus=2013-07-12=Jamie is a boorish, insensitive American twentysomething traveling in Chile, who somehow manages to create chaos at every turn. He and his friends are planning on taking a road trip north to experience a legendary shamanistic hallucinogen called the San Pedro cactus. In a fit of drunkenness at a wild party, Jamie invites an eccentric woman—a radical spirit named Crystal Fairy—to come along.
우리 동네=2007-11-29=Kyung-ju is a struggling novelist who writes violent and gory murder mysteries. When a fierce argument with his landlady ends in her death, he stages the killing so that it looks like the act of the serial killer that has been terrorizing his village. Anxious that the police might realize the latest killing was a copycat murder, he begins his own invetstigation to track down the killer with help of his detective friend.
Standby=2014-11-14=Twenty-something Alan (Gleeson) is down on his luck. Stood up at the altar and recently fired from his banking job, he finds himself working with his mother as a part-time tourist advisor at Dublin Airport. It's there he comes face to face with first love Alice (Paré), stuck on standby for a flight home to New York. Their summer romance ended eight years previously with Alan promising to return to the US one day. He never did, and they haven't spoken since. Seizing his chance, Alan convinces a reluctant Alice to stay one more night in Dublin. Over the course of an unforgettable evening, they may just realise that they are more compatible than ever. But time is running out on this brief encounter. When does an unexpected second chance, become the one you've always been looking for?  - Written by Wildcard Distribution
Madison Avenue=1962-01-07=An adman (Dana Andrews) and an adwoman (Eleanor Parker) put a dangerous milk tycoon in line for the White House.
The Black Castle=1952-12-15=A Man investigates the disappearance of two of his friends who were the guests of a sinister Austrian count.
Punks=2000-01-24=In his directorial debut, Patrik-Ian Polk chronicles the everyday dramas of four single, gay black men as they search for love — especially in the quartet’s favorite West Hollywood watering hole, Miss Smokies. The foursome includes successful shutterbug Marcus (Seth Gilliam), the recently scorned Hill (Dwight Ewell), self-destructive Dante (Renoly Santiago) and fabulous drag queen Chris (Jazzmun).
Camouflage=2001-01-09=Marty Mackenzie is an unsuccessful stage actor who takes an interest in private investigating. He takes a job working with Jack Potter, a crusty private eye. They both take a case in Beaver Ridge, a seedy small town where a murder is being planned against a rich gravel pit owner. Marty realizes that private investigating is not as it seemed to be.
The Company You Keep=2012-09-06=A former Weather Underground activist goes on the run from a journalist who discovers his identity.
Taxi No. 9 2 11: Nau Do Gyarah=2006-02-24=A cabbie and businessman both in need of big money partake in a two-hour adventure together.
Time After Time=1979-08-31=The Wildest Chase Of The Century! London 1893 is home to a killer with a macabre nickname... and also to a visionary genius who would write The Time Machine. But what if H.G. Wells' invention wasn't fiction? And what if Jack the Ripper escaped capture fleeing his own time to take refuge in ours - with Wells himself in pursuit?
Black Magic=1949-08-19=Hypnotist uses his powers for revenge against King Louis XV's court.
Calcutta Mail=2003-06-30=Avinash(Anil Kapoor) went to Calcutta for no reason. After meeting with Reema (Rani Mukherjee), he starts having flashbacks about his past and his son. His inquiries take him to Bombay via the Calcutta Mail, and this is where he will find out whether his son is alive or not, or he has been trapped.
The Jack Bull=1999-04-17=The Jack Bull tells the story of Myrl Redding, a Wyoming horse trader who clashes with Henry Ballard, a fellow rancher, after Ballard abuses two of Myrl's horses and their Crow Indian caretaker, Billy. When Judge Wilkins throws out Myrl's complaint, the war he wages to force Ballard to nurse the emaciated animals back to health escalates into a vigilante manhunt, murder and the possible defeat
Blackrock=1997-05-01=In New South Wales, Jared surfs with his mates and has a first girl. He hosts a beach party for his older pal, Ricko, and witnesses four of his mates gang-rape a 15 year old. He does nothing, and the next day, she's found murdered. At school, the boys and the girls react: the girls with anger at the perpetrators, the boys with jeering at the dead girl's morality. The students' parents have their own responses. Jared retreats into angry silence, disgusted that he did nothing to help the dead girl. Meanwhile, his mother wants to talk to him about her impending cancer surgery, the police want to know what he saw, and his friend Ricko wants an alibi. Jared's cracking under the pressure.
The Devil Thumbs a Ride=1947-02-20=Steve Morgan kills a man in a holdup and hitches a ride to Los Angeles with Fergie. At a gas station, they pick up two women. Encountering a roadblock, Morgan takes over and persuades the party to spend the night at an unoccupied beach house. The police close in as one by one, the others learn that Morgan is a killer.
Independencia=2010-04-21=Early 20th century Philippines. The sounds of war signal the arrival of the Americans. A mother and son flee to the mountains, hoping for a quiet life. One day, the son discovers a wounded woman in the middle of the forest, and decides to bring her home.
Westfront 1918: Vier von der Infanterie=1930-05-23=A group of German infantrymen of the First World War live out their lives in the trenches of France. They find brief entertainment and relief in a village behind the lines, but primarily terror fills their lives as the attacks on and from the French army ebb and flow. One of the men, Karl, goes home on leave only to discover the degradation forced on his family by wartime poverty. He returns to the lines in time to face an enormous attack by French tanks.
Louise en hiver=2016-11-23=On the last day of summer, Louise, an old woman realizes that the last train has departed without her. She finds herself alone in a small seaside resort town, abandoned by everyone. The weather quickly turns for the worse followed by the seasonal tides. Fragile and coquettish, not nearly as well-prepared as a would-be Robinson Crusoe, Louise isn’t likely to make it through the winter. Yet, Louise takes her abandonment as a challenge. She’s going to survive, confronting the elements as well as her memories, which have found the perfect occasion to join in the adventure…
Priklyucheniya Buratino=1959-12-31=A wooden boy Buratino tries to find his place in life. He befriends toys from a toy theater owned by evil Karabas-Barabas, gets tricked by Alice the Fox and Basilio the Cat and finally discovers the mystery of a golden key given to him by kind Tortila the Tortoise.
Separate Lies=2005-09-16=A cyclist is killed, swiped by a Range Rover in a village lane. James and Anne Manning become involved because the victim is the husband of their cleaner, Maggie. James, a solicitor in the city, soon comes to suspect William Bule, a millionaire playboy who has moved back to the village. William, pressed by James, confesses to the hit and run. But the confession is clouded by Anne's admission of her affair with William.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: We Wish You a Turtle Christmas=1994-10-01=A 25-minute, live-action Christmas special released direct-to-video in 1994.
Pao Da Shuang Deng=1994-10-14=A woman inherits her father's fireworks factory, as he had no son. The business does well and everything works in an orderly fashion until one day, an itinerant painter is hired to decorate the doors and vases at the factory. The woman, forbidden to marry and thereby involve outsiders in the factory ownership, finds herself drawn to the headstrong painter. When they fall in love, the situation throws her entire life into disarray
Giorgino=1994-10-05=October 1918: After returning to the civil life, the young Doctor Giorgino Volli searches for a group of children, which he had been the care-taker of before the first world war began. However, soon the searching becomes a part of hide-and-seek with death. Giorgio finds a village bordered with a treacherous marsh and rumours of wolves. There he also meets the mysterious Catherine....
Sound of My Voice=2011-01-22=A journalist and his girlfriend get pulled in while they investigate a cult whose leader claims to be from the future.
Jenseits der Stille=1996-12-18=Beyond Silence is about a family and a young girl’s coming of age story. This German film looks into the lives of the deaf and at a story about the love for music. A girl who has always had to translate speech into sign language for her deaf parents yet when her love for playing music grows strong she must decide to continue doing something she cannot share with her parents.
Moje córki krowy=2015-11-09=A 40-year old actress (single and strong, yet lonely), her sister (an emotionally unstable schoolteacher whose married-with-kids life appears more orderly) and their domineering father, who gradually loses control over his family due to his wife's sudden illness and his own health troubles; these are the three individuals at the heart of this film, a touching story about the strength of family ties in a situation of imminent danger.
Kindar, l'invulnerabile=1965-03-05=An evil bandit kidnaps a sultan's son and raises him but finds the son has magic powers.
Bread and Roses=2000-05-10="Maya is a quick-witted young woman who comes over the Mexican border without papers and makes her way to the LA home of her older sister Rosa. Rosa gets Maya a job as a janitor: a non-union janitorial service has the contract, the foul-mouthed supervisor can fire workers on a whim, and the service-workers' union has assigned organizer Sam Shapiro to bring its ""justice for janitors"" campaign to the building. Sam finds Maya a willing listener, she's also attracted to him. Rosa resists, she has an ailing husband to consider. The workers try for public support; management intimidates workers to divide and conquer. Rosa and Maya as well as workers and management may be set to collide."
The Light of Freedom=2013-10-01=It is the year 1861 and President Lincoln has called for 75,000 men to join the Union Army. As the Civil War begins, another battle has been raging for decades. It is the fight for freedom waged by the Underground Railroad.
Ercole al centro della terra=1961-11-16=Upon his return from battle in the previous film, the great warrior Hercules learns that his lover, Daianara, has lost her senses. Acording of the oracle Medea, Dianara's only hope is the Stone of Forgetfulness which lies deep in the realm of Hades. Hercules, with two companions, Theseus and Telemachus, embarks on a dangerous quest for the stone, while he is unaware that Dianara's guardian, King Lico, is the one responsible for her condition and plots to have the girl for himself as his bride upon her revival.
Mercenaries=2014-08-05=A diplomatic official is captured and imprisoned while touring a war zone, so a team of elite female commandos is assembled to infiltrate a women's prison for a daring rescue.
A Night in Casablanca=1946-05-10=The Marx Brothers are employed at a hotel in postwar Casablanca, where a ring of Nazis is trying to recover a cache of stolen treasure.
Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya=2001-01-01=Ria Jaiswal lives a very wealthy lifestyle along with her mom and dad. As she is the only child in this family, her parents dot on her and give in to her every wish.
Garden Party=2008-07-11=Are you young, sexually confused, just trying to get by? Do you sing, dance or possess some other talent? Welcome to the Garden Party. At the center of the story is 15-year-old April. She is running from one bad situation into another, hoping to find an answer that doesn't involve taking off her clothes.
Ekusute=2007-02-17=An aspiring hair dresser (Kuriyama) becomes the infatuation of a tricophilic man who sells hair extensions to nearby hair salons. The source of the hair is the corpse of a girl whose dead body continues to grow beautiful, voluminous, black hair that comes alive, driving those who use the extensions insane or killing them.
Under the Boardwalk: The Monopoly Story=2011-03-04=The 2010 documentary Under the Boardwalk: The MONOPOLY Story, covering the history and players of the game, won an Audience Award for Best Documentary at the 2010 Anaheim International Film Festival. The film played theatrically in the US beginning in March 2011 and will be released on Amazon &amp; iTunes on February 14, 2012. The film is narrated by Zachary Levi.
Terminal USA=1993-09-17=Terminal USA is the story of a Japanese-American family with more than their fair share of quirks. Ma (Sharon Omi) is stealing grandpa's morphine, Airhead sister (Jenny Woo) is having sex with the family lawyer, One brother (Jon Moritsugu) gets perfect grades but is hiding a secret gay love of skinheads, and the other brother (also Jon Moritsugu) is a wastoid druggie. The tension leads to an explosion of absurd violence as crazier and crazier things happen to the family.
Children of the Corn 666: Isaac's Return=1999-10-19=A girl called Hannah goes back to her hometown (Gatlin) to find out who her mother but on the way she picks up a strange man who fore-shadows her life with a passage from the bible. When she gets there she wakes up Isaac from a coma he has been in for 19 years. Isaac is awake and wants to fulfill the final prophecy.
Pictures from Life's Other Side=1971-01-01=A sequel to My Girlfriend's Wedding. Pictures from Life’s Other Side  focuses almost entirely on a later cross-country trip, this one also including Clarissa’s illegitimate, preadolescent son Joe and a couple of dogs, with Clarissa and Joe taking over the commentary and the whole family trading off various sound and camera duties
Portrait of Jennie=1948-12-25=A mysterious girl inspires a struggling artist.
Slaughter=2009-01-09=A young woman looks to escape her abusive life by moving to her family's farm near Atlanta. Unfortunately, she learns her place of supposed comfort offers more terrifying forms of abuse.
La moglie più bella=1970-03-12=Based on the story of Franca Viola and Filippo Melodia. In Sicily, as a Mafia boss leaves for prison, he advises Vito, a young man who's his potential successor, to marry a virtuous and poor woman. Vito's eye settles on Francesca, only 15, but lovely and self-possessed. Among her virtues are high self worth and forthright speech, so although she falls in love with Vito, she won't bow down to him. Believing he's losing face, he has his boys kidnap her and he rapes her. Then, he tells her he'll still marry her. Instead, she files charges. Her parents, brother, and neighbors refuse to support her. Will she break?
Sibak=1994-09-09=Brothers Joel (Alex Del Rosario), Dennis (Grandong Cervantes) and Sonny (Lawrence David) work together as dancers at a low-rent gay bar in downtown Manila, in the Philippines. Despite his mother's pleas, Sonny decides to quit college to work full-time at the bar, while Dennis has moved beyond dancing into prostitution at the urging of the manipulative club manager. Joel, the eldest, tries to balance his secret gay life with his socially respectable role as a husband and father.
路边野餐=2016-03-23=In the subtropical province of Guizhou, Chen Sheng embarks on a journey to find his nephew.
La via della droga=1977-08-13=Drug use in the city of Rome is at an all-time high. Children score from dealers in front of their schools, mules waltz straight through airport security, and Interpol's main man, Mike Hamilton (David Hemmings), is at his wits' end. Fed up to the back teeth with the local police force's incompetence, his only hope is to rely on one of his own men, Fabio (Fabio Testi), an officer so deep undercover that no-one but Hamilton knows who he really is. Even as Fabio gains the trust of cartel leader Gianni (John Loffredo), however, the dealers are edging ever closer to the truth, and when his cover is blown, the hunter becomes the hunted as Fabio finds himself alone in a desperate fight to survive.
Anthony Zimmer=2005-04-01=In Paris, the international police force and the Russian mafia are chasing Anthony Zimmer, an intelligent man responsible for laundry of dirty money in France. Zimmer had extensive plastic surgery, and his new face and voice are completely unknown. The only means to reach Zimmer is through his beloved mistress Chiara, who is under surveillance of the police and the mobsters. While traveling by train to the country nearby Nice, the common man François Taillandier, who has the same body shape of Zimmer, is select by Chiara as if he were Zimmer and used as a bait to lure those that are pursuing her. When Taillandier is chased by the professional Russian killers, he runs the French police when the real situation begins to be disclosed to him. Written by Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Money Matters=2011-11-15="A moving and intimate film that follows Monique ""Money"" Matters (Terri Abney) caught at the brink of adolescence. Her relationship with her mother Pamela Matters (Aunjanue Ellis- RAY, MEN OF HONER), is far from stable and depicts the struggle between a young mother and daughter who both come of age...together. Sharp and candid dialogue blur the roles of parent and child, revealing a family secret magnified by pain and years of regret. Money's daily routine; a three-bus commute to the Catholic school she attends, far from her dilapidated neighborhood, to another world where she feels just as uncomfortable. When she befriends a neighborhood girl who seems to understand her, their friendship develops in ways that push boundaries."
To Cross the Rubicon=1991-01-01=Kendall (Patricia Royce) just got dumped by her boyfriend, David (J.D. Souther). But it's nothing that a much younger rock musician -- and the advice of her best friend (and David's ex-), Claire (Lorraine Devon) -- couldn't fix. Only problem is, Claire and David have rekindled their lost romance. Now, Claire and Kendall's friendship is put to the ultimate test as they try to help each other decipher men and love in this romantic comedy.
X-Men: Apocalypse=2016-05-18=After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan.
Come Blow Your Horn=1963-06-05=The story of a young man's decision to leave the home of his parents for the bachelor pad of his older brother who leads a swinging '60s lifestyle.
Resolution=2012-04-20=Michael is committed to getting his best friend Chris to sober up and get his life back on track. With the best of intentions, Michael implements a plan to convince Chris to go to rehab before his drug addiction leads to an early death. But what begins as an attempt to save his friend's life quickly takes an unexpected turn as the two friends confront personal demons, the consequences of past actions, and forces beyond their control.
Der kleine Eisbär=2001-10-04=This charming animated adventure follows a young polar bear, Lars, as he befriends Robbie, a seal. Together, these two form a friendship that proves different breeds of animals can get along perfectly well.
一代宗師=2013-01-08=Ip Man's peaceful life in Foshan changes after Gong Yutian seeks an heir for his family in Southern China. Ip Man then meets Gong Er who challenges him for the sake of regaining her family's honor. After the Second Sino-Japanese War, Ip Man moves to Hong Kong and struggles to provide for his family. In the mean time, Gong Er chooses the path of vengeance after her father was killed by Ma San.
Faustrecht der Freiheit=1975-06-06=Fox, a former circus performer, wins the lottery of DM 500,000 and can now have the life and things that he has always wanted. While he wants to climb up the social ladder, it isn't without turmoil, and being torn between his old working class roots, and the shiny new facade of middle class consciousness.
Highway 301=1950-12-01="The ""Tri-State"" gang goes on a successful bank robbing streak causing local authorities to turn up the heat on the daring career criminals."
It's the Easter Beagle, Charlie Brown=1974-04-09=Charlie Brown, Linus and the entire Peanuts gang are off on a lively Easter egg hunt. They suspect they've spotted the Easter Bunny … but the trouble is, he looks a lot like a certain beagle who's near and dear to Charlie Brown's heart. Is it truly the Easter Bunny, or is it just the irrepressible Snoopy playing a trick on the kids?
大隻佬=2003-01-01=A monk turned body-builder, with the gift to see into people's lives, befriends a female cop, and uses his gift to change the force of Karma and her destiny.
Operation: Endgame=2010-07-20=A battle ensues among two government spy teams in an underground facility after their boss is assassinated.
Tropa de Elite 2=2010-10-08=After a bloody invasion of the BOPE in the High-Security Penitentiary Bangu 1 in Rio de Janeiro to control a rebellion of interns, the Lieutenant-Colonel Roberto Nascimento and the second in command Captain André Matias are accused by the Human Right Aids member Diogo Fraga of execution of prisoners. Matias is transferred to the corrupted Military Police and Nascimento is exonerated from the BOPE by the Governor.
Na mlečnom putu=2016-02-03=A man, shaken by fate after his wife's death, chooses to be a monk.
Batman Unmasked: The Psychology of the Dark Knight=2008-07-15=Delve into the world of Batman and the vigilante justice that he brought to the city of Gotham. Batman is a man who, after experiencing great tragedy, devotes his life to an ideal--but what happens when one man takes on the evil underworld alone? Examine why Batman is who he is--and explore how a boy scarred by tragedy becomes a symbol of hope to everyone else.
Burn Burn Burn=2016-10-28=Following the death of their friend, two girls in their late twenties embark on a road trip to spread his ashes. Seph and Alex take turns driving. Dan is in the glove compartment, in tupperware, decreasing in volume as the trip progresses.
Escape from Planet Earth=2013-02-14=Astronaut Scorch Supernova finds himself caught in a trap when he responds to an SOS from a notoriously dangerous alien planet.
Spy Hard=1996-05-24=The evil Gen. Rancor has his sights set on world domination, and only one man can stop him: Dick Steele, also known as Agent WD-40. Rancor needs to obtain a computer circuit for the missile that he is planning to fire, so Steele teams up with Veronique Ukrinsky, a KGB agent whose father designed the chip. Together they try to locate the evil mastermind's headquarters, where Veronique's father and several other hostages are being held.
Istgah-Matrouk=2002-01-01=On a pilgrimage to Mashad from Tehran, a couple's transportation breaks down, far from any major town. The husband, a photographer, seeks help at a nearby village and encounters a teacher who offers to help. Whilst the husband and teacher go off to find a spare part, the wife, who used to be a teacher, takes over the teaching lessons in the village. It is clear that the children live there, in this strange deserted place, without any men, save the teacher and an old signal guard. As the day draws on, the children help to bring a new hope and life into the wife's heart.
The Phantom of Crestwood=1932-10-14=Five men have to prove their innocence when a blackmailer is murdered.
Ja saapuu oikea yö=2012-07-13=No movie overview available, please add one at themoviedb.org
Пленный=2008-09-11=The story of a young Chechen and his Russian captor during their civil war.
Code of Honor=2016-05-06=Colonel Robert Sikes is on a mission to rid his city of crime. As a stealthy, one-man assault team, he will take on street gangs, mobsters, and politicians with extreme prejudice until his mission is complete. His former protégé, William Porter, teams up with the local police department to bring his former commander to justice and prevent him from further vigilantism.
Dirty Lies=2016-02-27=An under-appreciated intern entrusted with a million dollar necklace races to find out which of his money hungry room-mates betrayed him as he battles a desperate criminal duo bent on stealing.
Sunrise=2014-10-03=Inspector Joshi is a grieving father searching for his daughter Aruna, kidnapped years ago when she was six. In his despair, life converges with a recurring dream in which Joshi pursues a shadowy figure who leads him to 'Paradise', a night-club where teenage girls dance to a leering crowd. He is convinced he will find Aruna there and vows to bring her back to Leela, his broken wife.
Signed, Sealed, Delivered: Truth Be Told=2015-09-13=The POstables are on a mission to deliver a soldier's letter from Afghanistan to a teenager who's being relentlessly bullied, while Oliver's estranged father surprises him with news that shakes him to his core. Stars Eric Mabius, Kristin Booth, Crystal Lowe and Geoff Gustafson.
Liebesleben=2007-11-08=A married young academic falls under the sexual thrall of a much older man whose air of jaded ennui conceals a secret desire for vengeance.
Love=2015-07-06=Murphy is an American living in Paris who enters a highly sexually and emotionally charged relationship with the unstable Electra. Unaware of the seismic effect it will have on their relationship, they invite their pretty neighbor into their bed.
Curtis's Charm=1995-09-18=This film, based on a Jim Carroll short story, recounts the tale of Curtis and his encounter with voodoo. Curtis is a drug addict who has become paranoid, thinking that his wife's mother has cast evil spells on him. He meets his friend Jim and asks him for help in counteracting her black magic. Jim tries to reason with his friend, but when that fails, he decides to play along and make him a talisman. Drawing a snake on a scrap of paper and mumbling an incantation, Jim gives him this charm. This immediately solves Curtis's problems...or does it?
Benzina=2001-11-20=Fiery, dark-haired Stella, an intense auto mechanic, and nervous, blonde Eleonora are young and in love. They operate a gas station peacefully, until Eleonora's mother appears and voices her disapproval of their romance.
Labyrinth=1986-06-27="Frustrated with babysitting on yet another weekend night, Sarah - a teenager with an active imagination - summons the Goblins from her favourite book, ""Labyrinth"", to take the baby stepbrother away. When little Toby actually disappears, Sarah must follow him into the world of the fairytale to rescue him from the Goblin King!"
Sky Ladder: The Art of Cai Guo-Qiang=2016-01-21=Known for his spectacular pyrotechnic displays, Chinese artist Cai Guo-Qiang creates his most ambitious project yet: Sky Ladder, a visionary, explosive event that he pulls off in his hometown in China after 20 years of failed attempts.
Adaptation.=2002-12-06=A love-lorn script writer grows increasingly desperate in his quest to adapt the book 'The Orchid Thief'.
Pirate's Passage=2015-01-04=Set in 1952 Grey Rocks – a centuries old town that was famous 250 years ago as a favored port of pirates – Pirate’s Passage follows the story of 12-year-old Jim. Fraught by the death of his father and forced to endure schoolyard bullying each day, Jim manages to carry on, buoyed by his optimistic imagination and fueled by his sense of adventure. The sudden arrival of Captain Johnson, whose small sailboat has been thrown off course by a storm, changes Jim’s life.  The Captain quickly becomes a mentor and friend to Jim, giving him extraordinary lessons in self-reliance and determination. Soon, Jim develops a liberating self-assurance that so deeply touches the Captain that he allows Jim to see evidence that the Captain may be more than meets the eye. Is Captain Johnson the same Charles Johnson who was a pirate there two hundred years ago? The lad goes with him on a literal journey into the past to find out and emerges able to navigate the course of his life.
Segredos da Tribo=2010-01-22="What happens when western anthropologists descend on the Amazon and make one of the last unacculturated tribes in existence, the Yanomami, the most exhaustively filmed and studied tribe on the planet? Despite their ""do no harm"" creed and scientific aims, the small army of anthropologists that has studied the Yanomami since the 1960s has wreaked havoc among the tribe - and sparked a war within the anthropology community itself."
Tarzan's Magic Fountain=1949-02-05=An expedition tries to enlist Tarzan's help in finding the secret Blue Valley, which legend says is the location of a miraculous fountain of youth.
Pearl Harbor=2001-05-21=The lifelong friendship between Rafe McCawley and Danny Walker is put to the ultimate test when the two ace fighter pilots become entangled in a love triangle with beautiful Naval nurse Evelyn Johnson. But the rivalry between the friends-turned-foes is immediately put on hold when they find themselves at the center of Japan's devastating attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941.
The Least of These=2011-08-02=A priest returns to his old Catholic high school to replace a priest who has gone missing, only to begin to suspect that the missing priest may have been murdered by someone at the school to hide a darker secret.
東京戰争戦後秘話=1970-06-27=A metaphysical mystery involving a university student's camera getting stolen, and the thief then committing suicide. Looking back upon the event, the situation comes to be questioned if it happened at all.
Dresden=2006-03-05=At a Dresden hospital in 1945, nurse Anna Mauth (Felicitas Woll) cares for badly injured British pilot Robert Newman (John Light), whom Anna believes to be a German deserter. As Allied forces close in, Anna grows close to Robert despite her engagement to Dr. Alexander Wenninger (Benjamin Sadler). The gripping historical romance won a 2006 German Television Award.
Macchie solari=1975-01-18=A pathology med student and a priest team up to investigate a wave of suicides blamed on sun spots and discover a number of them to be actual murders.
Der ewige Jude=1940-11-28="The Jews of Poland (invaded by Germany in 1939) are depicted as filthy, evil, corrupt, and intent on world domination. Street scenes are shown prejudicially, along with clips from Jewish cinema of the day and photos of Jewish celebrities, while the narrator ""explains"" the Jewish problem. The climax and resolution of the film is Hitler's 1939 announcement that the Jewish race will meet its ""annihilation"" (Vernichtung)."
Northern Lights=2009-03-21=Hoping to leave behind troubled days in the Baltimore city police department, Nate Burns (Eddie Cibrian) journeys to Alaska, where he takes up a quiet life as a small-town sheriff and begins a romance with spirited bush pilot Meg Galligan (LeAnn Rimes). But when Meg's father turns up dead, Burns finds himself thrust into the limelight of a dangerous murder investigation. Rosanna Arquette co-stars in this drama based on the novel by Nora Roberts.
Feast=2005-10-14=Patrons locked inside of a bar are forced to fight monsters.
Black Rainbow=1989-12-05="Martha Travis is a medium who makes contact with spirits ""on the other side"" and connects them with their loved ones still alive, in public performances. Trouble begins when she gives a message to Mary Kuron from her husband, Tom. But Tom isn't dead... yet. And Martha not only knows he will die, she also knows who killed him. And the murderer knows she knows..."
ぐるりのこと。=2008-06-07=Lily Franky plays the role of a courtroom sketch artist named Kanao, and actress Tae Kimura plays the role of his wife Shoko. The story takes place in the 1990s, involving real-life events from that time.
This Is Normal=2013-04-09="A young deaf woman undergoes an experimental medical procedure that is supposed to ""cure"" her of her deafness and give her the ability to hear."
Tequila Sunrise=1988-12-02=In a seaside California town, best friends Mac and Nick are on opposite sides of the law. Mac is a former drug dealer trying to clean up his act, while Nick is a high-profile detective trying to take down a Mexican drug lord named Carlos. Soon Nick's loyalties are put to the test when he begins an affair with restaurateur Jo Ann  -- a love interest of Mac's -- unwittingly leading his friend into a police-orchestrated trap.
On Golden Pond=1981-12-04=The loons are back again on Golden Pond and so are Norman Thayer, a retired professor, and Ethel who have had a summer cottage there since early in their marriage. This summer their daughter Chelsea -- whom they haven't seen for years -- feels she must be there for Norman's birthday. She and her fiance are on their way to Europe the next day but will be back in a couple of weeks to pick up the fiance's son. When she returns Chelsea is married and her stepson has the relationship with her father that she always wanted. Will father and daughter be able to communicate at last?
Proteus=2003-09-07=An exquisite period piece that skillfully explores the intersections of sex, race and politics takes place in 18th century South Africa, telling the passionate (true) story of two men caught in an unjust system rife with racism, homophobia and cruelty.
Gnomeo & Juliet=2011-01-13=A version of Shakespeare's play, set in the world of warring indoor and outdoor gnomes. Garden gnomes Gnomeo and Juliet have as many obstacles to overcome as their quasi namesakes when they are caught up in a feud between neighbors. But with plastic pink flamingos and lawnmower races in the mix, can this young couple find lasting happiness?
Siam Sunset=1999-09-09=A British design executive, who seemingly has everything going for him has his life totally changed when a refrigerator falls from an aircraft and lands on his wife...
Para Elisa=2013-09-20=A young college is responsible for the care of an innocent little girl, but soon all he knows give a twist that will endanger his own life. All begin when crossing under the floor of the third floor to the left, a road without knowing directly the door open to the forces of evil, freeing them at will through the building. A desperate race to save the lives when terror and pure evil are in the next aisle.
Moana=1926-01-07="Robert J. Flaherty's South Seas follow-up to Nanook of the North is a Gauguin idyll moved by ""pride of beauty... pride of strength."""
Their Finest=2017-04-06=A British film crew attempts to boost morale during World War II by making a propaganda film after the Blitzkrieg.
The Walking Hills=1949-03-05=A study in greed in which treasure hunters seek a shipment of gold buried in Death Valley.
Valley of the Dolls=1967-12-27=Film version of Jacqueline Susann's best-selling novel chronicling the rise and fall of three young ladies in show business.
강남 1970=2015-01-31="A ""gangster noir"" set in the 1970s, when Gangnam, Seoul goes under development. Political powers and darker organizations collide as they seek to grab control of the influential and exclusive area."
Carefree=1938-09-02=Dr. Tony Flagg's friend, Steven, has problems in the relationship with his fiancee, Amanda, so he persuades her to visit Dr. Flagg. After some minor misunderstandings, she falls in love with Dr. Flagg. When he tries to use hypnosis to strengthen her feelings for Steven, things get complicated.
My Girlfriend's Boyfriend=2010-04-22="When Ethan (Christopher Gorham) arrives at the airport just in time to declare his undying love for his girlfriend, love appears to have conquered all. The scene, however, is really the ending of Ethan's novel, which his agent (Carol Kane) calls ""unrealistic."" Ethan soon meets a waitress, Jesse (Alyssa Milano), and falls in love with her despite her growing devotion to Troy (Michael Landes), a charming businessman. But the line between reality and fiction becomes increasingly blurred."
Lampaansyöjät=1972-11-17="Valtteri and Sepe, two ordinary white-collar guys from southern Finland drive up north to implement a plan they've been hatching for months. Because they simply love the taste of lamb, baked ""robber-style"" in a hole dug under a campfire, they forge their car's number plates and other important documents just to be able to poach sheep grazing on the roadside without getting caught. Lots of man talk around the campfire, aided by lots of booze. The summer may be wet, but the vodka is definitely dry."
The Five People You Meet In Heaven=2004-12-05=On his 83rd birthday, Eddie (Voight), a war vet and a maintenance worker at the Ruby Pier amusement park, dies while trying to save a girl who is sitting under a falling ride. When he awakens in the afterlife, he encounters five people with ties to his corporeal existence who help him understand the meaning of his life.
The Tree of Life=2011-05-18=The impressionistic story of a Texas family in the 1950s. The film follows the life journey of the eldest son, Jack, through the innocence of childhood to his disillusioned adult years as he tries to reconcile a complicated relationship with his father. Jack finds himself a lost soul in the modern world, seeking answers to the origins and meaning of life while questioning the existence of faith.
Les Miserables=1952-08-14=Jean Valjean, a Frenchman of good character, has nevertheless been convicted for the minor crime of stealing bread. A minor infraction leads to his pursuit by the relentless policeman Javert, a pursuit that consumes both men's lives for many years.
A House In The Hills=1993-01-20=An aspiring actress gets a housesitting job and finds herself in a cat-and-mouse game with a deadly ex-con.
Before I Self Destruct=2009-11-16=A coming of age story about an inner-city youth raised by a hardworking single mother. When his dream of becoming a basketball player fails to materialize, he finds himself employed in a supermarket. After his mother is tragically gunned down, Clarence (played by Jackson) is consumed by revenge and takes up a life of crime in order to support his younger brother.
Metalstorm: The Destruction of Jared-Syn=1983-08-19="A seeker named Dogen rescues Dhyana after her father is murdered by the evil Jared-Syn. To avenge her father's death, Dogen must find Jared-Syn's hideout in the mysterious ""Lost City"", but the only person who knows where it is an aging, burned-out seeker named Rhodes. Along the way, they will need to do battle against the hunter Baal and his Cyclopean minions for engaging Jared-Syn in a final encounter."
Clubland=2007-08-03=The shy son of an aging comedienne tries to find a balance between his demanding home life, his new girlfriend, and his mother's second chance at fame.
Lost Rivers=2013-03-01=Once upon a time, in almost every industrial city, countless rivers flowed. We built houses along their banks. Our roads hugged their curves. And their currents fed our mills and factories. But as cities grew, we polluted rivers so much that they became conduits for deadly waterborne diseases like cholera, which was 19th century's version of the Black Plague. Our solution two centuries ago was to bury rivers underground and merge them with sewer networks. Today, under the city, they still flow, out of sight and out of mind... until now. That's because urban dwellers are on a quest to reconnect with this denigrated natural world. LOST RIVERS takes us on an adventure down below and across the globe, retracing the history of these lost urban rivers by plunging into archival maps and going underground with clandestine urban explorers.
When Harry Tries to Marry=2011-04-22=An Indian-American surprises his family when he announces his desire for an arranged marriage with an Indian woman, though his affection for a longtime American friend complicate his plan.
Darkness on the Edge of Town=2015-01-25=A troubled teenage sharpshooter decides to avenge the death of her estranged sister after she is found murdered in a public bathroom.
Ten, mitake=1995-06-06=Short doc by Naomi Kawase.
Chu nu jiang=1987-01-01=A woman tries to attract her reincarnated lover from her previous life but eventually turns to the aid of an evil sorcerer who rules over a tribe of cannibal midgets.
First Winter=2012-10-11=When winter begins, life is serene for a group of new-age Brooklynites living in a remote country farmhouse. Sex, drugs, yoga, and organic cooking absorb their days, safely tucked away from the stresses of urban life. But when a blackout of apocalyptic proportions strands them with no heat and no electricity during the coldest winter on record, their utopian commune is breached by anxiety and their idyllic harmony begins to lose its tune. As time wears on and the food supply dwindles, power struggles, jealousy, and desire threaten the group's ability to work together in order to survive.
Fiesta=1947-06-12=A non-aquatic change of pace: Esther Williams disguises herself in matador gear and secretly fills in for her twin matador brother (Ricardo Montalban) after he abandons the ring.
Three Smart Girls Grow Up=1939-03-24=A businessman's (Charles Winninger) youngest daughter (Deanna Durbin) helps her innocent sisters in love.
It's My Turn=1980-10-24=A successful but stressed mathematics professor (Clayburgh) goes to her father's wedding and falls in love with her father's bride's son (Douglas), a prematurely retired pro baseball player. She must choose between him and her current boyfriend (Grodin), between Chicago and New York, and between research and administration.
Mein Freund aus Faro=2008-01-16=Eternal daydreamer Mel can't wait to quit her sucky catering job and fly to her dream destination: Portugal. Things change when the beautiful Jenny literally crashes into her life when Mel nearly runs her over in her classic BMW. It is love at first sight, however there is just one problem: Jenny mistakenly assumes Mel to be a boy. Despite this, the pair become boyfriend and girlfriend. With Mel attempting to disguise her true gender at every turn, her journey from tomboy to out lesbian is fraught with life-defining dilemmas and sweet surprises.
Coffee and Cigarettes=2003-09-05=Coffee And Cigarettes is a collection of eleven films from cult director Jim Jarmusch. Each film hosts star studded cast of extremely unique individuals who all share the common activities of conversing while drinking coffee and smoking cigarettes.
爛頭何=1979-04-07=Wang Chin-chin, who is both the 11th prince and an expert fighterm has fun secretly subverting a local con-man, the inept Ho Chi (Wong Yue), but blackmails the crook into becoming his student after making it look like a B-girl named Choi Hung (Kara Hui) has poisoned Ho and beaten him up in a nightclub.
El hombre de al lado=2009-11-10=When two neighbours clash, their argument becomes less about proposed building alterations and more about the wider battle between class and social status. The hugely impressive building in question is the only example of a Le Corbusier residential home in all of Latin America, adding to the poignancy of their argument. Winner of six Argentinean Academy Awards in 2010, including Best Film.
The Black Pirate=1926-03-08=A nobleman vows to avenge the death of his father at the hands of pirates. To this end he infiltrates the pirate band. Acting in character he is instrumental in the capture of a ship, but things are complicated when he finds that there is a young woman on board whom he wishes to protect from the threat of rape.
Captain America=1990-12-14="During World War II, a brave, patriotic American Soldier undergoes experiments to become a new supersoldier, ""Captain America."" Racing to Germany to sabotage the rockets of Nazi baddie ""Red Skull"", Captain America winds up frozen until the 1990s. He reawakens to find that the Red Skull has changed identities and is now planning to kidnap the President of the United States."
Marriage Retreat=2011-08-23=A roller coaster ride of love, emotions and comedy Jeff Fahey (LOST, MACHETE), Reginald Vel Johnson (Family Matters, DIE HARD), and Victoria Jackson (Saturday Night Live, BABY BOOM) star in this funny, heartfelt story about the difficulties many marriages face and the simple solution. A trio of unhappily married couples head to a mountain retreat where they are subjected to unorthodox and seemingly comical methods by the Dr. Sullivan (Fahey) and his wife Katrina (Jackson). As the couples struggle through the program for marital bliss, they soon discover it’s not “What” they are missing from their lives but “Who”, Jesus.
Снежная королева=2012-10-11=The ice-cold Snow Queen wishes to turn the world into a frozen landscape, with no light, no joy, no happiness, and no free will. A young man, Kai, is rumored to be the son of a man who is the queen's only remaining threat. He is abducted and held captive in the queen's palace, and it's up to his sister, Gerda, to rescue him. Gerda journeys across an icy land, facing difficult obstacles and meeting wonderful new friends that help her in her quest to set Kai free, defeat the Snow Queen, and save the world from eternal frost.
A História da Eternidade=2014-07-26=In a small village in the hinterland, three stories of love and desire are changing the emotional landscape of its residents. Characters of a romanesque world in which their conceptions of life are limited on one side by human instincts, on the other by a blind and fatalist fate.
Shahid=2013-10-18=This compelling drama tells the remarkable true story of slain human rights activist Shahid Azmi, who became a powerful voice against the intercommunal violence that has engulfed Mumbai since the early 1990s.
Not Quite Human=1987-06-19=Dr. Jonas Carson, a scientist, invents Chip, an android teenager. Dr. Carson sends Chip to school with his daughter Becky to see whether an android could interact with others. But his former employer decides to try and make a profit by stealing the mechanical boy.
Drop Dead Fred=1991-04-19=When Elizabeth returns to her mother's home after her marriage breaks up, she recreates her imaginary childhood friend, Fred, to escape from the trauma of losing her husband and her job. In between the chaos and mayhem that Fred creates, Elizabeth attempts to win back her husband and return to normality.
The Dark Crystal=1982-12-17=On another planet in the distant past, a Gelfling embarks on a quest to find the missing shard of a magical crystal and restore order to his world, before the grotesque race of Skeksis find and use the crystal for evil.
Real Life=1979-03-02="A pushy, narcissistic filmmaker persuades a Phoenix family to let him and his crew film their everyday lives, in the manner of the ground-breaking PBS series ""An American Family""."
바르게 살자=2007-08-18="Jeong Do-man is a low-ranking traffic cop whose tendency to do things ""by the book"" sometimes gets him in trouble, such as when he pulls over his new boss, newly instated police chief Lee Seung-man, and issues him with a traffic ticket. Though surprised and annoyed by the unexpected fine, the police chief has bigger problems; the town of Sampo has been hit by a string of bank robberies, and to reassure the public he decides to carry out a realistic drill which will demonstrate the police force's capability. Do-man is chosen to act out the part of the bank robber, but with his usual fastidious attention to detail he sets out to commit the perfect crime."
Bank$tas=2014-04-18=Life could not be better for best friends Neal and Isaac. They just graduated college and landed their dream job with a top investment bank. But when they discover their boss is planning a crooked student loan deal, their lives are thrown into turmoil. Determined to stop the corrupt plan, they concoct a crazy scheme of sex, drugs and espionage resulting in a wildly chaotic adventure.
The Neighbor=1993-11-03=A young couple, Mary and John, awaiting a baby is in search for a house when they decide to buy that lovely old villa they found by coincidence. What they both do not know is that Myron, the owner of that villa and their new neigbour, is a dangerous psychopath and that Mary reminds him of his dead mother. Mary begins to wonder about Myron's odd behaviour, but everybody thinks Mary's fears are due to her being pregnant.
Robinson in Space=1997-01-10="Robinson is commissioned to investigate the unspecified ""problem of England."" The narrator describes his seven excursions, with the unseen Robinson, around the country. They mainly concentrate on ports, power stations, prisons, and manufacturing plants, but they also bring in various literary connections, as well as a few conventional landscapes. Written by Will Gilbert"
The Phantom Tollbooth=1970-11-07=The Phantom Tollbooth, based upon the children's adventure novel by Norton Juster, tells the story of a bored young boy named Milo. Unexpectedly receiving a magic tollbooth and, having nothing better to do, Milo drives through it and enters a kingdom in turmoil following the loss of it's princesses, Rhyme and Reason.
The Pawnbroker=1965-04-20=A Jewish pawnbroker, a victim of Nazi persecution, loses all faith in his fellow man until he realizes too late the tragedy of his actions.
Flying Down to Rio=1933-12-29=A dance-band leader finds love and success in Brazil. The first Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie.
Marius=1931-10-09=César runs a bar along Marseilles' port, assisted by his 23 year old son, Marius. Colorful characters abound: M. Panisse, an aging widower and prosperous sail maker; Honorine, a fishmonger with a sidewalk stall near the bar; her daughter, Fanny, who helps her sell cockles; and, various old salts. Friends since childhood, Fanny and Marius love each other, but Marius has a secret wanderlust: every ship's whistle stirs a longing for foreign lands. When M. Panisse seeks Fanny's hand in marriage and when a departing clipper needs a deckhand, Marius and Fanny must decide who and what they love most. César, with his generous, comic spirit, tries to guide his son.
A Sinner in Mecca=2015-04-29=For a gay filmmaker, filming in Saudi Arabia presents two serious challenges: filming is forbidden in the country and homosexuality is punishable by death. For filmmaker Parvez Sharma, however, these were risks he had to assume as he embarked on his Hajj pilgrimage, a journey considered the greatest accomplishment and aspiration within Islam, his religion. On his journey Parvez aims to look beyond 21st-century Islam’s crises of religious extremism, commercialism and sectarian battles. He brings back the story of the religion like it has never been told before, having endured the biggest jihad there is: the struggle with the self.
Russian Doll=2001-06-14=Harvey, a self-doubting private investigator, plans to marry his girlfriend until he is hired to solve an adultery case and discovers the adulterer is cheating with his fiancée. Lost and dejected, Harvey quits his job and wallows in booze and the occasional odd blind date. Meanwhile, Katia, a Jewish woman from St. Petersburg, arrives in Sydney after answering an ad from an international matchmaking agency. But instead of love, she finds her prospective groom dead on arrival.
For the Moment=1993-10-01=This Canadian film presents and old-fashioned war time romance.  It is set during 1942 in Manitoba and traces the doomed affair between a young farmer's wife (Christianne Hirt) whose husband is fighting abroad and a dashing Australian pilot (Russell Crowe).  The pilot has come to train in the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan of Canada.  When the pilot, Lachlan, is not training, he is surreptitiously wooing Lill, the farmer's wife.  At the other end of town, Betsy (Wanda Cannon) who supports her two kids by bootlegging, charges for her services.  She gets involved with Zeek (Scott Kraft), an American flight instructor.
功夫=2004-02-10=Set in Canton, China in the 1940s, the story revolves in a town ruled by the Axe Gang, Sing who desperately wants to become a member. He stumbles into a slum ruled by eccentric landlords who turns out to be the greatest kung-fu masters in disguise. Sing's actions eventually cause the Axe Gang and the slumlords to engage in an explosive kung-fu battle. Only one side will win and only one hero will emerge as the greatest kung-fu master of all.
Chiedo asilo=1979-10-24=A new teacher introduces radical ideas at a nursery school. Leading to varied reactions from the students and the parents.
Aftermath=2017-04-06=A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake, his mind as he happens to be the air traffic controller, who fails to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. Can the two make peace with the past?
The Perfect Wedding=2012-04-22="Christmas is approaching, and Paul's adopted sister Alana is coming home for the holidays. This won't be just a regular family celebration, as she's recently engaged and the weekend will be spent planning her June wedding with her best friends Roy and Vicki. Problem is that Roy is Paul's ex-boyfriend, and the two young men haven't seen each other since their very messy breakup. Nervous about seeing his ex again, Roy talks his good friend Gavin into joining him for the weekend, and pretending to be his new boyfriend. When Paul and Gavin meet, sparks of attraction fly, but Gavin thinks Roy's still hung up on Paul. This charming romantic comedy is a funny look at family bonds, misunderstandings and the ""perfect wedding"
The Winslow Boy=1999-04-16=Early 20th century England: while toasting his daughter Catherine's engagement, Arthur Winslow learns the royal naval academy expelled his 14-year-old son, Ronnie, for stealing five shillings. Father asks son if it is true; when the lad denies it, Arthur risks fortune, health, domestic peace, and Catherine's prospects to pursue justice.
Mr Reliable=1996-11-22=All Wally Mellish, an ex-convict in 1960s Australia, wants to do is live a quiet life with his girlfriend Beryl. Unfortunately when two police officers come around to disturb this, a misunderstanding quickly becomes out of control, resulting Wally, Beryl and her child being trapped in their house, surrounded by armed police under the impression that Wally is holding everyone hostage. Events quickly spiral into a media circus as, through the siege, Wally - inadvertently - manages to become a symbol for the anti-war movement.
Hollywood or Bust=1956-12-06=The last movie with Jerry Lewis and Dean Martin together, is a satire of the life in Hollywood. Steve Wiley is a deceiver who cheats Malcolm Smith when he wins a car, claiming that he won it too. Trying to steal the car, Steve tells Malcolm that he lives in Hollywood, next to Anita Ekberg's. When Malcom hears that, they both set out for Hollywood and the adventure begins...
あの夏、いちばん静かな海。=1991-10-19=When deaf garbage man Shigeru (Kurôdo Maki) finds a broken surfboard on one of his runs, it piques his curiosity, even though he has no experience with surfing. So he repairs the board and, with loyal girlfriend Takako (Hiroko Oshima), who also is deaf, he sets out to learn how to ride the waves. He goes through mishaps and the locals mock him. But, with the help of a shop owner who once was a surfing legend, Shigeru may finally have a chance to become one with the sea and the surfing community.
Old Ironsides=1926-12-06=The film is a wide-ranging ensemble piece, with Farrell and Beery playing equally large roles, and detailed subplots about the country's atmosphere before the conflict as well as Stephen Decatur's early naval exploits.
Ere erera baleibu icik subua aruaren=1970-01-01=…ere erera baleibu izik subua aruaren…, a set of words without any meaning, forms the title of the first and only feature film in the history of Spanish cinema made entirely by hand-painting directly on celluloid.
Sweet Sixteen=2002-05-21=Determined to have a normal family life once his mother gets out of prison, a Scottish teenager from a tough background sets out to raise the money for a home.
Lone Survivor=2013-12-24="Based on the failed June 28, 2005 mission ""Operation Red Wing."" Four members of SEAL Team 10, were tasked with the mission to capture or kill notorious Taliban leader, Ahmad Shah. Only one member of the team survived."
Alienate=2016-02-22=A couple on the brink of ending their marriage spend a weekend in different cities. After a cataclysmic event strikes, the husband embarks on a physical and emotional quest to return home as a nation prepares for the worst.
