Revenge of the Electric Car=2011-10-21=A sequel to 2006's Who Killed the Electric Car?, director Chris Paine once again looks at electric vehicles.  Where in the last film electric cars were dismissed as uneconomical and unreliable, and were under multiple attacks from government, the auto industry, and from energy companies who didn't want them to succeed, this film chronicles, in the light of new changes in technology, the world economy, and the auto industry itself, the race - from both major car companies like Ford and Nissan, and from new rising upstarts like Tesla - to bring a practical consumer EV to market.
Rough Riders=1997-07-20=In 1898 the US government decided to intervene on the side of the Cuban rebels in their struggle against Spanish rule. Assistant Navy Secretary Theodore Roosevelt decides to experience the war first hand by promoting and joining a volunteer cavalry regiment. The regiment, later known as the Rough Riders, brings together volunteers from all corners of the nation and all walks of life. When Roosevelt and his men finally land on Cuba, they face ambush, intense enemy fire, and a desperate, outnumbered charge up a defended hill.
Børning=2014-08-24=For all who remember Cannonball Run. Here is a modern twist on the subject. The longest, wildest and funniest car race, ever. From Oslo to the North Cape. The only rule is getting there first!
به امید دیدار=2011-09-07=Without her husband and without her lawyer’s licence, which has been withdrawn, Noora is left pregnant and alone in her apartment. Her attempt to leave Iran turns into a fight with male chauvinism. A personal, nerve-wracking and infuriating film by Rasoulof, who was himself convicted for his films in Iran.  Goodbye is a sober, frightening portrait of a society that is stooping under the continual control and threats of its religious regime. Noora, a young, pregnant lawyer in Tehran whose husband has been sent to work in the desert because of his critical journalistic activities, continually faces opposition from the regime and decides to leave the country. That turns out to be very difficult.  Because Rasoulof was already banned from making films, Goodbye was shot partly in secret in the winter of 2010/2011. The result is a disquieting film that makes impotence and the desire for freedom painfully tangible in all its simplicity.
I Believe in Unicorns=2014-03-09=Follows the lyrical journey of an imaginative teenage girl who runs away from home with an older punk rock drifter, but not even unicorns can save her now.
Abominable=2006-04-10=A man, crippled in an accident, returns to the woods after rehabilitation, certain that he'll not see Bigfoot again.
Steal This Film II=2007-12-28=These are strange times indeed. While they continue to command so much attention in the mainstream media, the 'battles' between old and new modes of distribution, between the pirate and the institution of copyright, seem to many of us already lost and won. We know who the victors are. Why then say any more?
Ägget är löst!=1975-03-17=A fairy tale and satire about a wealthy industrialist, whose son has been subdued and oppressed and totally uninterested in his father's business.
The Devil's Candy=2017-03-17=A struggling painter is possessed by satanic forces after he and his young family move into their dream home in rural Texas, in this creepy haunted-house tale.
This is What Love in Action Looks Like=2011-01-28="In the summer of 2005 a 16yo Memphis, TN wrote on his MySpace blog about his parents sending him to a ""Fundamentalist Christian"" program that strives to turn gay teens straight. This documentary follows the inspirational story of this teens local community standing up for their friend with daily protests at the facility in what would become an international news story. The documentary features several former clients of the organization who tell their personal stories about the time they spent within the programs walls."
The Ward=2010-09-13=A thriller centered on an institutionalized young woman who becomes terrorized by a ghost.
Cradle 2 the Grave=2003-02-28=Gang leader Tony pulls off a major diamond heist with his crew, but cop-turned-criminal Ling knows who has the loot and responds by kidnapping Tony's daughter and holding her for ransom. Unfortunately, Tony's lost the diamonds as well. As he frantically searches for his daughter and the jewels, Tony pairs with a high-kicking government agent who once worked with Ling and seeks revenge on him.
Once Upon a Time... When We Were Colored=1996-01-26=This film relates the story of a tightly connected Afro-American community informally called Colored Town where the inhabitants live and depend on each other in a world where racist oppression is everywhere, as told by a boy called Cliff who spent his childhood there. Despite this, we see the life of the community in all its joys and sorrows, of those that live there while others decide to leave for a better life north. For those remaining, things come to a serious situation when one prominent businessman is being muscled out by a white competitor using racist intimidation. In response, the community must make the decision of whether to submit meekly like they always have, or finally fight for their rights.
Margarita, with a Straw=2014-10-04=In this inspirational love story, a Delhi university student and aspiring writer afflicted with cerebral palsy leaves India for New York University, where she falls for a fiery young activist.
The Devil's Ground=2008-05-19=While traveling from California to Bangor through a lonely road, Carrie Mitchel is advised by the gas station attendant Jimmy to rest in a hotel; however, she decides to continue driving through the night and almost hits a wounded teenage girl with blood on her face. She gives a lift to the girl and listens to the tale of her passenger and her friends.
Sold=2016-04-01="Lakshmi is a thirteen-year-old girl who lives with her family in a small hut on a mountain in Nepal. When the Himalayan monsoons wash away all that remains of the family's crops, Lakshmi's father says she must leave home and take a job to support her family. He introduces her to a glamorous stranger who tells her she will find her a job as a maid in the city. Glad to be able to help, Lakshmi journeys to India and arrives at ""Happiness House"" full of hope. But she soon learns the unthinkable truth: she has been sold into prostitution..."
Børning 2=2016-10-12="When Roy Gundersen released from prison after two years for participating in an illegal street race, he is determined to get his life back on track. He has reached the bottom, bankrupt, and in an attempt to improve his life and be a good role model for his daughter Nina, he begins to work at a gas station.  When Roy's pregnant girlfriend organizes an ""out of jail"" party, some of his old racing enemies shows up and challenges him to be part of a new race. From Fosnavåg and then through Sweden and Finland before it ends up in Murmansk. Roy refuses. He tries to stay on the field and would rather spend their time with Nina than running races. But when Roy finds out that Nina will be involved in over his head with her boyfriend Charlie, he must try to stop her.  It gets wild and difficult; over mountains, slippery roads and icy lakes. Theres also a hunt between the cars and the police, who do everything they can to stop the race."
Le million=1931-04-03=Debt-ridden painter Michel is overcome with joy at discovering that he has just won 1 million florins in the Dutch lottery, but almost immediately, he discovers that his softhearted girlfriend, Béatrice, has given away his jacket containing the winning ticket to an elderly petty thief. Soon Michel, Beatrice and Michel's artistic rival, Prosper, are hurtling through the streets of Paris on the trail of the missing jacket.
Mystic River=2003-10-07=A story about friendship and loyalty, guilt and vengeance, and the fateful affect the past has on the present.
An Everlasting Piece=2000-12-22=Colin (Barry McEvoy) is a Catholic and George (Brian O'Byrne) is a poetry-loving Protestant. In Belfast in the 1980s, they could have been enemies, but instead they became business partners. After persuading a mad wig salesman, known as the Scalper (Billy Connolly), to sell them his leads, the two embark on a series of house calls
Stowaway=1936-12-25=Chin-Ching gets lost in Shanghai and is befriended by American playboy Tommy Randall. She falls asleep in his car which winds up on a ship headed for America. Susan Parker, also on the ship, marries Randall to give Chin-Ching a family.
Dampfnudelblues=2013-07-31=Franz, the local police officer in a tiny bavarian village has to investigate in a case involving a disliked school principal who commited suicide? Or was it murder after all?
Son of a Gun=2014-10-16=Locked up for a minor crime, 19 year old JR quickly learns the harsh realities of prison life. Protection, if you can get it, is paramount. JR soon finds himself under the watchful eye of Australia's most notorious criminal, Brendan Lynch, but protection comes at a price.
My Brother the Pig=1999-09-10=If you act like an animal, you just may become one!
Virtual Sexuality=1999-07-02=Desperate to find her perfect man Justine goes to a technology fair with her nerdy classmate Chas. It's not really her thing but is eventually persuaded to try a virtual reality makeover machine and discovers that she can create her perfect man even if it is only an electronic facsimile. The power surge from a freakish accident causes a part of her psyche to be copied into her virtual perfect man.
Girls Rock!=2008-03-07=A documentary about four girls who transform their lives at the Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls.
Gold=1934-03-29=Using an atomic reactor, Two scientists try to create gold.
Un ticket pour l'espace=2006-01-16="Face à l'incompréhension de la population française quant au montant des crédits alloués à la recherche spatiale, le gouvernement lance une vaste opération de communication. En partenariat avec le Centre spatial français, un grand jeu est organisé. ""Le ticket pour l'espace"", un jeu à gratter, va permettre à deux civils de séjourner dans la station orbitale européenne."
Capitães de Abril=2000-04-21=Story of the 1974 coup that overthrew the right-wing Portuguese dictatorship--which continued the fascist policies of long-time dictator Antonio Salazar--and of two young army captains who were involved in it.
Detroit 9000=1973-08-01=After a fundraiser for a black politician is robbed, Detroit police put two detectives, one white and one black, on the case, who try to work together under boiling political pressure.
Johnny Apollo=1940-04-19=Wall Street broker Robert Cain, Sr., is jailed for embezzling. His college graduate son Bob then turns to crime to raise money for his father's release. As assistant to mobster Mickey Dwyer, then falls for Dwyer's girl Lucky. He winds up in the same prison as his father.
Dirch Passer vælter byen=1954-03-22=Dirch Passer as detective and lady friend in this Swedish/Danish comedy movie
Christmas with Holly=2012-12-09=After being dumped at the alter on her wedding day, Maggie Conway moves to the island town of Friday Harbor in Washington State, where she meets Mark Nagle, the local coffee shop owner.
Wabash Avenue=1950-03-31=Andy Clark discovers he was cheated out of a half interest in partner Mike's business, now a thriving dance hall in 1892 Chicago. Unable to win it back, Andy schemes to make Mike's position untenable. He also hopes to turn Ruby Summers, Mike's motor-mouthed burlesque queen, into a classier entertainer, and incidentally to make her his own. But at the last minute, Andy's revenge comes unravelled.
十三太保=1970-08-14=A Mogul king decides to take stealthy action to help overpower his greatest rivals. He chooses nine out thirteen of his loyal generals (who he treats as sons) to embark on the mission. However, jealously amongst them sparks a treacherous family feud that could lead to catastrophic consequences for all involved.
Every Little Step=2009-04-17="Every Little Step follows the plight of real-life dancers as they struggle through auditions for the Broadway revival of ""A Chorus Line"" and also investigates the history of the show and the creative minds behind the original and current incarnations."
Follia omicida=1981-02-24=Michael is a successful actor, but he has a scandal in his past: at a tender age he knifed his father to death. He and his girlfriend Deborah go to his mother's for the weekend, and are joined by the director and others from a recent film project, who are given a rather cool reception by the superstitious housekeeper Oliver. Soon rude things begin happening to some of the guests, and Michael fears a repeat of his nightmare past is in progress.
Los sin nombre=1999-10-08=The mutilated body of a six year old girl is found in a water hole. The girl is identified as the missing daughter of Claudia. However, only two peices of evidence could be used to identify her; a bracelet with her name on it near the crime scene, and the fact that her right leg was three inches longer than her left. All other methods of identification were removed from her body. Five years later Claudia, now addicted to tranquilizers, receives a phone call from someone claiming to be her daughter, asking for her mother to come find her before 'they' kill her. Other mysterious clues show up, further indicating that Claudia's daughter is indeed still alive, and very much in danger. Claudia, a run-down ex-cop, and a parapsychology reporter put together the clues to discover Angela's whereabouts
Survival of the Dead=2010-05-06=On an island off the coast of North America, local residents simultaneously fight a zombie epidemic while hoping for a cure to return their un-dead relatives back to their human state.
The Frozen Ground=2013-07-18=An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young woman who escaped the clutches of serial killer Robert Hansen to bring the murderer to justice. Based on actual events.
The Hawk Is Dying=2007-03-30=A Gainesville Florida auto upholsterer (Giamatti) attempts to subvert his mundane life by training a wild, red-tailed hawk.
Gie=2005-07-13=Gie is a 2005 Indonesian film directed by Riri Riza. The film tells the story of Soe Hok Gie, a graduate from University of Indonesia who is known as an activist and nature lover. The film is based on a diary Catatan Seorang Demonstran written by Soe himself. The plot of this film is an interpretation of the filmmakers, and scenes portraying Soe's private life may be partly fictionalised for dramatisation.
Free Enterprise=1998-06-04="Young filmmakers trying to hawk a movie titled ""Bradykillers"" about a serial killer who goes after victims Marcia, Jan, and Cindy meet their screen idol, William Shatner. The two young men, who idolize him and in their fantasies have seen him as a shadowy fairy godfather figure, are alarmed at the reality of the middle-aged non-Captain Kirk man that they meet."
Komodo vs. Cobra=2005-08-19=A team of environmentalists, including a reporter, her camera man, and an environmentalist's famous girlfriend charter a boat and with the captain, sail to a military island. They suspect the island is hosting to illegal activities. Upon arrival, however, they find no one. They finally reach a deserted house, where they find Dr. Susan Richardson, who tells them that everyone on the island is dead, including her father. Richardson's team were working on a compound that could make edible plants grow to super size, however the military intervened with plans of their own. They wanted to test the compound's effects on animals, and proceeded to feed it to several komodo dragons and cobras.
La conquista de la tierra perdida=1983-06-02=A young man, armed with a magical bow and arrows, embarks on a mystical journey through a mystical land to rid it of all evil and joins forces with an outlaw to take down an evil witch bent on claiming the magic bow for evil.
The Poughkeepsie Tapes=2007-04-27=When hundreds of videotapes showing torture, murder and dismemberment are found in an abandoned house, they reveal a serial killer's decade-long reign of terror and become the most disturbing collection of evidence homicide detectives have ever seen.
Pouic-Pouic=1963-11-20=Léonard Monestier owns a large fortune, alas his wife Cynthia made a bad investment in a worthless oil concession. Far from letting this get him down, Léonard decides to find a sucker to buy this concession from him. Right on cue appears Antoine Brévin, a befuddled billionaire who is very interested in Léonard's beautiful daughter Patricia and would do anything to win her hand...
四谷怪談=1965-07-25=The ghost of a samurai's wife takes revenge on her husband.
John Carter=2012-03-07=John Carter is a war-weary, former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse, and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands.
Туман=2010-05-09=Present time. A squad of young soldiers of the Russian army during the march-throw splits from the main group. In order to save time, they decide to cut the path, but get into the strange fog, which transfers them to the past, right into the World War the Second. Boys, who saw fight only in the movies, and imagined it on the training field, get into the heart of the real WAR. Real courage, real fear, real love and hate, and real DEATH. No time to ask questions. Survive and fight for your country!
The Survivors=1983-06-24=Having both lost their jobs, two strangers become unlikely friends after a run in with a would be robber, who is actually a hitman with a grudge against the two.
Why We Fight: Prelude to War=1942-05-27=Prelude to War was the first film of Frank Capra's Why We Fight propaganda film series, commissioned by the Pentagon and George C. Marshall. It was made to convince American troops of the necessity of combating the Axis Powers during World War II. This film examines the differences between democratic and fascist states.
Pound of Flesh=2015-05-07=In China to donate his kidney to his dying niece, former black-ops agent Deacon awakes the day before the operation to find he is the latest victim of organ theft. Stitched up and pissed-off, Deacon descends from his opulent hotel in search of his stolen kidney and carves a blood-soaked path through the darkest corners of the city. The clock is ticking for his niece and with each step he loses blood.
Animation Seisaku Shinkō Kuromi-chan: Nippon no Anime wa Watashi ga Tsukuru! 2=2004-01-28=Following Studio Petit's popularity for Time Journey's, the crew is now faced with 3 anime at the same time. Rushing to fill the quotas, the owner of Studio Petit hires Takashimadaira, a veteran producer to help Kuromi. However, all Takashimadaira cares about is making deadlines, severely hurting the quality of the images. Shihonmatsu, who has been helping Kuromi, gets angry at the new producer and leaves, leaving Kuromi with a difficult choice: to choose between the quality or the deadline.
U-571=2000-04-20=In the midst of World War II, the battle under the sea rages and the Nazis have the upper hand as the Allies are unable to crack their war codes. However, after a wrecked U-boat sends out an SOS signal, the Allies realise this is their chance to seize the 'enigma coding machine'.
Circle=2015-10-02=Could you trust a jury of your peers with your life? The contestants of a mysterious death game must make harrowing decisions as they strategize for survival in this psychological sci-fi thriller.
Me and Orson Welles=2009-11-25=New York, 1937. A teenager hired to star in Orson Welles' production of Julius Caesar becomes attracted to a career-driven production assistant.
Chu Chin Chow=1934-05-01="Musical retelling of the ""Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves"" Arabian Nights tale."
رأی مخفی=2001-01-01=A female election agent and a gun-toting soldier try to collect votes among the local islanders with mixed success.
酔いどれ天使=1948-04-27=In this powerful early noir from the great Akira Kurosawa, Toshiro Mifune bursts onto the screen as a volatile, tubercular criminal who strikes up an unlikely relationship with Takashi Shimura’s jaded physician. Set in and around the muddy swamps and back alleys of postwar Tokyo, Drunken Angel is an evocative, moody snapshot of a treacherous time and place, featuring one of the director’s most memorably violent climaxes.
The Pink Panther=1963-12-19=The trademark of The Phantom, a renowned jewel thief, is a glove left at the scene of the crime. Inspector Clouseau, an expert on The Phantom's exploits, feels sure that he knows where The Phantom will strike next and leaves Paris for Switzerland, where the famous Lugashi jewel 'The Pink Panther' is going to be. However, he does not know who The Phantom really is, or for that matter who anyone else really is...
Eskimo=1933-11-14=The happy life of an Eskimo is disastrously changed when he mingles with an unscrupulous white trader.
Shuang tong=2002-10-17=An FBI Agent pairs with a troubled Taiwan cop to hunt for a serial killer who's embedding a mysterious fungus in the brains of victims.
Maverick=1994-05-20=Maverick is a gambler who would rather con someone than fight them. He needs an additional three thousand dollars in order to enter a Winner Take All poker game that begins in a few days. He tries to win some, tries to collect a few debts, and recover a little loot for the reward. He joins forces with a woman gambler with a marvelous southern accent as the two both try and enter the game.
Two Heads Are Better Than None=2000-07-15=Two Heads Are Better Than None also known as Kenan &amp; Kel: The Movie is a 2000 American made-for-television film that stars the cast of the Nickelodeon sitcom Kenan &amp; Kel. It is the last feature film of comic legend Milton Berle.
Rewind=2013-08-26=Revolves around a team of military field operatives and civilian scientists who must use untested technology to travel back in time to alter past events in order to change the future and avoid a devastating terrorist attack. Feature length pilot for failed tv series, released as a made for TV movie.
Dracula=1979-07-20=Romanticized adaptation of Bram Stoker's 1897 classic. Set in 1913 England, the bloodsucking, but handsome, charming and seductive, Count Dracula seeks an immortal bride.
Infamous=2006-11-16=While researching his book In Cold Blood, writer Truman Capote develops a close relationship with convicted murderers Dick Hickock and Perry Smith.
The Deaths of Ian Stone=2007-12-05=Deaths tells the story of an all-American guy who is murdered each day by horrifying pursuers, only to wake up in slightly different lives to experience the terror of being murdered again.
Comedian Harmonists=1997-12-25="Comedian Harmonists tells the story of a famous, German male sextet, five vocals and piano, the ""Comedian Harmonists"", from the day they meet first in 1927 to the day in 1934, when they become banned by the upcoming Nazis, because three of them are Jewish."
Sodrásban=1963-12-30=A group of students cope with the disappearance of their friend.
Possession=2009-07-16=A woman's life is thrown into chaos after a freak car accident sends her husband and brother-in-law into comas. Thrills arrive after the brother-in-law wakes up, thinking he's his brother.
Les Arbitres=2009-08-10="How can a few crucial minutes in a football match change the life of an entire family? How do the ""men in black"" feel when they are attacked by supporters? Kill the Referee unveils the lives of several professional football referees at the EURO 2008 championship; amongst them, the English referee Howard Webb, who provoked incredible controversy when he gave a penalty to Austria just before the end of the match with Poland, and the Italian Roberto Rosetti, who refereed the final."
琉璃樽=1999-02-12=When Ah Bu, a girl from a small fishing town in Taiwan, finds a glass bottle with a romantic message, she travels to Hong Kong to find her prince charming. As it turns out, her prince charming, Albert, happens to be gay. But all is not lost when Ah Bu meets the dashing Chi Wu. Meanwhile, Ah Bu's boyfriend from Taiwan comes looking for her, as the action and romance follow Ah Bu back to Taiwan.
The Secret Fury=1950-02-21=A mysterious figure tries to stop a woman's marriage by driving her mad.
Halloween=2007-08-31=After being committed for 17 years, Michael Myers, now a grown man and still very dangerous, escapes from the mental institution (where he was committed as a 10 year old) and he immediately returns to Haddonfield, where he wants to find his baby sister, Laurie. Anyone who crosses his path is in mortal danger
Kummeli Stories=1995-10-20=The war between Luxembourg and Finland sets the outline to a set of comedic stories about a rally team, gay couple's fishing trip, two hoodlums' last school days in the spring and a haunted hotel among others.
Neverland=2011-12-03=Raised on the streets of turn-of-the century London, orphaned Peter and his pals survive by their fearless wits as cunning young pickpockets. Now, they've been rounded up by their mentor Jimmy Hook to snatch a priceless, some believe, magical treasure which transports them to another world. Neverland is a realm of white jungles and legendary mysteries of eternal youth, where unknown friends and enemies snatched from time welcome the new travelers with both excitement and trepidation. These groups include a band of 18th century pirates led by the power-mad Elizabeth Bonny, and the Native American Kaw tribe led by a Holy Man, which has protected the secret of the tree spirits from Bonny and her gang for ages, and that has meant war. But as the fight to save this strange and beautiful world becomes vital, Hook, Peter, and the ragamuffin lost boys consider that growing old somewhere in time could be less important than growing up, right here in their new home called Neverland.
Finding Fanny=2014-09-12=A man embarks on a road trip to find his lost love.
Mr. Arkadin=1955-03-01="Orson Welles’s ""Mr. Arkadin"" tells the story of an elusive billionaire who hires an American smuggler to investigate his past.  Welles missed the editing deadline, so the producer handed over the editing to others. Following two Spanish-dubbed versions, released in Madrid in March 1955, the first English-language version was released in London in August 1955 as ""Confidential Report"" but was never released in the US. The fourth version, called ""the Corinth version"", was discovered in 1961 and was released in the US in 1962. Finally, in 2006, ""the Criterion edit"" was released; likely to remain the one closest to Welles' intentions."
Bangarwadi=1995-04-01=A young man from the city journeys to his first teaching post, the small hamlet of Bangarwadi, deep in the jungle, inhabited by a few shepherds and farmers as well as a criminal tribe known as the Ramoshis. After the initial shock of his strange new world wears off he learns to appreciate life in the village and stops longing for home.
Teacher of the Year=2015-05-19=Surrounded by the eccentric faculty of Truman High School, Mitch Carter wins the California Teacher of the Year award and immediately receives a tempting offer that may force him to leave his job.
Sleepwalking=2008-01-14=When her boyfriend is arrested for marijuana possession, Joleen Reedy and her 11-year-old daughter, Tara, take refuge with Joleen's aimless brother, James. Joleen soon runs off with a truck driver, and James is unable to meet his responsibilities. After Child Protective Services takes possession of Tara, James abducts her from a foster home, and the two travel from California to Utah, where his abusive father lives.
Jason's Lyric=1994-09-28=The story of a young man who must confront his own fears about love as well as his relationships with family and friends.
Big Shots=1987-10-02=Following the death of his father, suburbanite Obie runs away from home and winds up on Chicago's South Side. After being mugged, he befriends con artist Scam. The two then embark on a Down South adventure involving gangsters, the police, and a search for Scam's father.
Девушка с коробкой=1927-01-01=Young and beautiful girl (Anna Sten), lives near Moscow, earning a making hats for the fashion store in Moscow. Due to the requirements of the Soviet government on standards of living space, the store owner has to prescribe it fictitiously in his apartment. But on the train she meets a young boy (Ivan Koval-Samborski), and the housing problem changes their lives.
Le lit de la vierge=1969-01-01=30 year old child enters the new city, riding on a donkey. He says he is the Savior. He has spent no time among men. He is trembling with cold. His clothes are soaked. His mother was overprotective ; his father conspicuously absent. He knows that he must face the mockery, refusal, ignorance and blindness of the men around him. They travel in gangs, in large numbers : soldiers, mercenaries or the like, on majestic, imposing horses. Everything is out of proportion to his thin, bewildered, innocent body ; he is the madman of the new city...
Beneath the Dark=2010-11-05=Driving to a wedding in Los Angeles through the Mojave Desert, Paul and Adrienne pull off the highway and into Roy's Motel and Cafe. This roadside artifact proves to be a strange and surreal place with an unsettling mix of travelers, who force our couple to discover the secret hidden between them and ultimately, the horrifying reality of their current situation.
The Hitman=1991-05-01=After surviving an attempt on his life by his former partner, officer Cliff Garrett (Norris) exacts revenge on those who wronged him by going undercover as a hit man. He works to gain the reputation and trust needed in order to be accepted by the burgeoning Seattle-area criminal underworld, but it is all done in order to take it down from within.
Heavy Metal=1981-08-07=A glowing orb terrorizes a young girl with a collection of stories of dark fantasy, eroticism and horror.
바람난 가족=2003-08-15=Bored, horny, and frustrated, a woman begins an affair with a teenage boy.
Flash Gordon: Trip to Mars=1938-03-21=Theatrical release in 1938.  A 15-episode serial starring Buster Crabbe.
U2: From the Sky Down=2011-10-29="This documentary film is about the making of U2's Achtung Baby. In 2011, U2 returned to Hansa Studios in Berlin to discuss the making of Achtung Baby. This film is directed by Davis Guggenheim. Screened in the UK as part of the BBC's Imagine series, this film was the first ever documentary to open the prestigious Toronto International Film Festival. Included is bonus footage of ""So Cruel,"" ""Love is Blindness,"" and ""The Fly"" shot in May 2010 during the band's visit to Hansa Studios to mark the 20th anniversary of Achtung Baby. Also included is a Q&amp;A with Bono, The Edge, and Davis Guggenheim filmed at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2011."
Fittest On Earth: A Decade Of Fitness=2017-02-01="The 2016 Reebok CrossFit Games were a grueling five-day, 15-event test to find the fittest man and woman on Earth. ""Fittest on Earth: A Decade of Fitness"" follows the dramatic story of the top athletes who qualified and competed and offers an inside look at what it takes to be among the world's elite athletes, both in training and on the competition floor. The CrossFit Games challenge competitors to perform intense physical tasks, but the hardest part is sometimes mental. Athletes often learn the details of the events only minutes before they begin, and everyone handles the pressure differently. Which of these fierce competitors will rise to the top and earn the title of Fittest on Earth?"
Alice Adams=1935-08-23="In the lower-middle-class Adams family, father and son are happy to work in a drugstore, but mother and daughter Alice try every possible social-climbing stratagem despite snubs and embarrassment. When Alice finally meets her dream man Arthur, mother nags father into a risky business venture and plans to impress Alice's beau with an ""upscale"" family dinner. Will the excruciating results drive Arthur away?"
Jakob the Liar=1999-09-16=In 1944 Poland, a Jewish shop keeper named Jakob is summoned to ghetto headquarters after being caught out after curfew. While waiting for the German Kommondant, Jakob overhears a German radio broadcast about Russian troop movements. Returned to the ghetto, the shopkeeper shares his information with a friend and then rumors fly that there is a secret radio within the ghetto.
Déficit=2007-05-21=Déficit follows one day of crisis in the life of Cristobal (Gael Garcia Bernal), a spoilt, rich kid throwing a party for his friends at his parents' luxurious villa. A big fence and a live-in staff of servants are there to shield Cristobal from the harsher realities of life, while his younger sister Elisa (Camila Sodi), there with her own crowd, uses drugs as her chosen means of escape. There are, however, some realities that cannot be kept at bay forever, like the reason behind their parents' prolonged absence, the gradual breakdown in the villa's amenities, and Cristobal's dwindling university prospects.
Arizona Dream=1993-01-06=An Innuit hunter races his sled home with a fresh-caught halibut. This fish pervades the entire film, in real and imaginary form. Meanwhile, Axel tags fish in New York as a naturalist's gofer. He's happy there, but a messenger arrives to bring him to Arizona for his uncle's wedding. It's a ruse to get Axel into the family business. In Arizona, Axel meets two odd women: vivacious, needy, and plagued by neuroses and familial discord. He gets romantically involved with one, while the other, rich but depressed, plays accordion tunes to a gaggle of pet turtles
Lemonade Mouth=2011-04-15=The story follows five disparate high school students - Olivia, Mo, Charlie, Stella, and Wen who meet in detention. They realize they are destined to rock, and ultimately form a band that becomes a champion for students sidelined by the high school elite.
De Aanslag=1986-02-06=At the end of WW II the Dutch resistance kills a German officer in front of the house of a Dutch family. Years after the war the young boy who witnessed the killing runs into the members of the resistance who committed the killing.
The Elephant Man=1982-01-04=A taped version of the stage play about a hideously deformed 19th-century London man and how he managed to triumph over his disease.
The Punk Singer=2013-11-29="A look at the life of activist, musician, and cultural icon Kathleen Hanna, who formed the punk band Bikini Kill and pioneered the ""riot grrrl"" movement of the 1990s."
Morozko=1964-05-05=A fairy tale about a conceited young man and a young woman with a tyrannical step-mother, who must overcome magical trials in order to be together.
The Freshman=1925-09-20=Harold Lamb is so excited about going to college that he has been working to earn spending money, practicing college yells, and learning a special way of introducing himself that he saw in a movie. When he arrives at Tate University, he soon becomes the target of practical jokes and ridicule. With the help of his one real friend Peggy, he resolves to make every possible effort to become popular.
The Good Thief=2003-04-03=A compulsive gambler plans the heist of his life - a priceless collection of art from the world-class Casino Riviera in Monte Carlo.
Bloodsuckers from Outer Space=1984-01-03=Farmers in Texas become brainwashed bloodsuckers.
U Pana Boga za piecem=1998-10-06=Królowy Most to miasteczko gdzieś przy wschodniej granicy, z kościelną wieźą górującą nad okolicą i złotą kopułą cerkwi, z charyzmatycznym proboszczem i posłusznymi parafianami. Świat, w którym czas łaskawie się zatrzymał. Senną atmosferę zakłóca pojawienie się energicznej Marusi, która przekracza polską granicę, źeby zarobić sprzedając towar na bazarze. Obrabowana przez raketierów, zwraca się o pomoc do miejscowej policji. Komisarz rozpoczyna śledztwo, a Marusia jako koronny świadek zostaje umieszczona na plebanii.
13 Cameras=2015-08-30=Newlyweds Claire and Ryan have just moved into a new house. Both are hoping Claire’s pregnancy will be the cement needed to hold their already fraying relationship together. Little do they know their marital issues are the least of their problems. For unbeknownst to them, their scruffy, sleazy and lascivious landlord has installed numerous miniature cameras all over their home and has been spying on them from Day One. Then Ryan begins an office affair, and the landlord kits out the secret basement with chains and soundproofing. Something is going to give in this suburban shocker packed with nasty surprises.
Hotel St. Pauli=1988-03-03=Jor and Gerda is a loving couple that lives together in Copenhagen. Jor is trying to make a breakthrough as a writer, without any luck so far. His struggles have caused Gerda to provide for them by selling sexual favors on the street.  Jor is filled with resentment towards Gerda and because of what she has to do to provide food for the two. One day though, their lives change completely when the small city boy Morgan comes walking into their lives.  Hotel St. Pauli is considered by many to be one of the biggest cinema turkeys ever produced in Norway. The film is done by Svend Wam and Petter Vennerød, partners in crime that are responsible for several films that have a main purpose of delivering social commentaries.
The Blackbird=1926-01-11=Two thieves, the Blackbird and West End Bertie, fall in love with the same girl, a French nightclub performer named Fifi. Each man tries to outdo the other to win her heart.
Another 48 Hrs.=1990-06-08="For the past four years, San Francisco cop Jack Cates has been after an unidentified drug kingpin who calls himself the ""Ice Man"". Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day."
Todd Barry: The Crowd Work Tour=2014-03-21=A Todd Barry show consists of two things: amazing jokes and amazing crowd work. In September 2013, he went on a tour without the amazing jokes and did entire shows of riffing and bantering with the audience. Filmed in seven west coast cities, “Todd Barry: The Crowd Work Tour” was directed by Lance Bangs and produced by Louis CK.
Daawat-e-Ishq=2014-09-05=A deliciously romantic coming together of Gulrez “Gullu” Qadir (Parineeti Chopra) a Hyderabadi shoe-sales girl disillusioned with love because of her encounters with dowry-seeking men; and Tariq “Taru” Haidar (Aditya Roy Kapur) a Lucknawi cook who can charm anybody with the aroma and flavours of his biryani and kebabs.
Office Christmas Party=2016-11-25=When his uptight CEO sister threatens to shut down his branch, the branch manager throws an epic Christmas party in order to land a big client and save the day, but the party gets way out of hand.
You'll Find Out=1940-11-22=The manager of Kay Kyser's band books them for a birthday party bash for an heiress at a spooky mansion, where sinister forces try to kill her.
Haiku Tunnel=2001-09-07=Josh is the consummate temp employee, avoiding all long-term connections and responsibilities, both at work and in his personal life. However, by the time his agency places him at the Schuyler &amp; Mitchell law firm, Josh is tired of his temporary life and agrees to take a permanent position at the firm. Josh has difficulty adapting to his new lifestyle, which manifests in his inability to complete his simple initial task: mailing seventeen important letters.
The Woman in Black=1989-12-24=When a friendless old widow dies in the seaside town of Crythin, a young solicitor is sent by his firm to settle the estate. The lawyer finds the townspeople reluctant to talk about or go near the woman's dreary home and no one will explain or even acknowledge the menacing woman in black he keeps seeing.
The Iceman: Confessions of a Mafia Hitman=2001-03-01=The second HBO documentary on former mafia enforcer Richard Kuklinski will chill you to the bone. Speaking in the monotonous drone of a man who has numbed himself with remorseless brutality, Kuklinski was first interviewed in 1991, five years after receiving consecutive life sentences for multiple murders. Specializing in the tidy use of cyanide, Kuklinski lived a double life, like the fictional hitmen in The Sopranos and Road to Perdition, passing as a “businessman” and devoted husband and father. While leading the life of a happy family man in the New Jersey suburbs Richard Kuklinski was also living a bizarre double-life as a Mafia hit man. Kuklinski tells first hand how he brutally murdered men at close range dismembered and disposed of them before returning home to his family. This film offers extraordinary insight into the cold-heart of a killer.
Tulsa=1949-04-13=It's Tulsa, Oklahoma at the start of the oil boom and Cherokee Lansing's rancher father is killed in a fight with the Tanner Oil Company. Cherokee plans revenge by bringing in her own wells with the help of oil expert Brad Brady and childhood friend Jim Redbird. When the oil and the money start gushing in, both Brad and Jim want to protect the land but Cherokee has different ideas. What started out as revenge for her father's death has turned into an obsession for wealth and power.
Helen=2009-01-06=On the outside, Helen has it all – a loving family and a successful career – but when her suppressed mental illness resurfaces, the world crumbles around her. Crippled by depression, Helen finds solace through her friendship with Mathilda, a kindred spirit struggling with bipolar disorder.
Nine 1/2 Weeks=1986-02-14=An erotic story about a woman, the assistant of an art gallery, who gets involved in an impersonal affair with a man. She barely knows about his life, only about the sex games they play, so the relationship begins to get complicated.
Superman vs. The Elite=2012-06-12=The Man of Steel finds himself outshone by a new team of ruthless superheroes who hold his idealism in contempt.
Palmeras en la nieve=2015-12-25=Kilian is a young man who has never left the mountains of Huesca which saw him grow up. In 1953 he will travel to the exotic island of Fernando Poo to work in a cacao field alongside his father and his brother. During 20 years in this island he will undertake a journey towards maturity and knowledge, but will also have to deal with pain and loss.
These Final Hours=2014-07-31=What would you do on the last day on Earth?  With the end of the world only hours away, the self-absorbed James heads to the ultimate party-to-end-all-parties. On his way there, he saves the life of a young girl named Rose who is searching desperately for her missing father. This simple act sets James on a path to redemption.
Wizard Mode=2016-05-02=Mastering classic pinball arcade games requires focus, agility and dedication. Robert Gagno has all these traits. It might explain why he surged from a complete unknown to one of the world's best players in five years. The achievement is even more impressive considering he was diagnosed with autism at age three. His success on the pinball circuit made him part of a community that provided acceptance and encouragement. With his parents' support and determination, Robert has exceeded every expectation placed upon him. As he approaches adulthood, his next challenge is to become more self-sufficient and gain his independence. From high-stakes tournaments across the continent to his day-to-day search for employment, we follow Robert's persistent progression to overcome obstacles and manage the highs of success and lows of falling short. In Wizard Mode, flashing lights and triple combos highlight an outstanding individual who continues to beat the odds and set records.
Jue se wu qi=2012-08-15=A gorgeous lethal killer, brainwashed by the villain, makes a startling discovery in a mission to eliminate a person she can in no way imagine.
Carnages=2002-05-17=After a bull is killed in a bullfight, its body parts are transported across Spain, France, Italy and Belgium. The bull's parts fall into the wide variety of people, including: an Italian actress selling the bones in a supermarket promotion, a Spanish woman who dines on its steaks, a little girl in France who imagines a world where animals are much larger than humans, and a taxidermist whose wife is simultaneously giving birth to quintuplets.
Vengo=2000-10-04=Caco is a proud, handsome man, head of a family, and very powerful in the local community. Yet he has been torn to pieces by the death of his beloved daughter. He constantly visits her grave, weeps silently at her photo and has transferred all his wildly protective love and attention onto his mentally challenged nephew, Diego. It seems that Diego's father, Caco's brother, is in hiding after having killed a man from the Caravaca family, who are equally powerful in the community. They are looking for vengeance and have come to Caco for justice. When he refuses to betray his brother, the Caravacas grow impatient. When they realize they are getting nowhere, they threaten to kill Diego. Despite his fierce pride, Caco eventually realizes that the cycle of killing and revenge must be broken. But how can he achieve this and protect everyone he loves?
The Fundamentals of Caring=2016-06-16=Having suffered a tragedy, Ben becomes a caregiver to earn money. His first client, Trevor, is a hilarious 18-year-old with muscular dystrophy. One paralyzed emotionally, one paralyzed physically, Ben and Trevor hit the road on a trip into the western states. The folks they collect along the way will help them test their skills for surviving outside their calculated existence. Together, they come to understand the importance of hope and the necessity of true friendship.
I fidanzati=1963-05-16=Carlo Cabrini and Anna Canzi star in this romantic Italian tale about rekindling passion. Sent to Sicily for 18 months on a job, a young welder rediscovers the spark that has disappeared from his relationship with his longtime love. When he writes her a postcard to tell her how he feels, they realize just how much they long to be together. Ermanno Olmi directs this tender, poetic love story.
Yelling To The Sky=2012-12-14=As her family falls apart, seventeen year old Sweetness O'Hara is left to fend for herself in a neighborhood where her survival is uncertain.
Pathfinder=2007-01-11=A Viking boy is left behind after his clan battles a Native American tribe. Raised within the tribe, he ultimately becomes their savior in a fight against the Norsemen.
Balloon Farm=1999-03-28=As soon as Harvey S. Potter descends upon a drought-stricken farmland, he begins to grow a mysterious but beautiful crop of balloons. Mystified by the new resident's abilities, the people of the town are mesmerized by Potter, who immediately becomes the best thing to happen to the dejected area in a long time. The happiness doesn't last long, however, when talk begins to surface about Potter's true identity.
Delitto d'amore=1974-06-06=In this Italian film, part melodrama and part social/political commentary, two factory workers living in Northern Italy form a romantic connection. The woman, torn between the freedoms of the North and her traditional Sicilian values, slowly allows herself to love, then marry, her co-worker. Soon after her wedding, she dies as a result of industrial pollution from her job.
Ordine firmato in bianco=1974-11-13=A gang raid a bank, making off with a nice tidy sum and head off to a hideout in the mountains to take refuge (with a few women in tow to keep them company).
They Gave Him a Gun=1937-05-07=With no other prospects, a World War I veteran turns to crime.
Rising Sun=1993-07-30=When a prostitute is found dead in a Los Angeles skyscraper occupied by a large Japanese corporation, detectives John Conner and Web Smith are called in to investigate. Although Conner has previous experience working in Japan, cultural differences make their progress difficult until a security disc showing the murder turns up. Close scrutiny proves the disc has been doctored, and the detectives realize they're dealing with a cover-up as well.
Tom and Jerry: A Nutcracker Tale=2007-10-02=A holiday themed animated direct-to-video film starring Academy Award-winners, Tom and Jerry. It uses a good deal of Tchaikovsky's famous ballet The Nutcracker as background music. This film would be the last animated production for Tom and Jerry co-creator, Joseph Barbera, who would die on December 18, 2006. The film features all of the exaggerated violence usually found in Tom and Jerry.
Ronin=1998-09-25=A briefcase with undisclosed contents – sought by Irish terrorists and the Russian mob – makes its way into criminals' hands. An Irish liaison assembles a squad of mercenaries, or 'ronin', and gives them the thorny task of recovering the case.
Sound and Fury=2000-10-29=A documentary film released in 2000 about two American families with young deaf children and their conflict over whether or not to give their children cochlear implants, surgically implanted devices that may improve their ability to hear but may threaten their deaf identity.
Kid's Story=2003-06-02="A high school student is haunted by thoughts of ""The Matrix"" and a person named ""Neo"". Part of the Animatrix collection of animated shorts set in the Matrix universe."
Ci Ling=2009-12-09=In the northwest desert where countless prosperous dynasties have flourished and fallen, there is rumor of a treasure of unbelievable riches buried among it. A group of mysterious guardians have been guarding the map to the location of the treasure until a fierce rivalry erupted. A notorious international crime group, The Company hunted down the map keeper and before they managed to secure the map, the keeper passed the map to a young chivalrous man Ciao Fei. Ciao Fei was forced to give up the map to save the live of his mentor’s daughter Lan Ting. Teaming up with Hua Ding Bang and Lan Ting they embark on a dangerous journey to recover the map and fight to protect the ancient treasure.
The Admirable Crichton=1957-12-16=Lord Loam has modern ideas about his household, he believes in treating his servants as his equals - at least sometimes. His butler, Crichton, still believes that members of the serving class should know their place and be happy there. But when the Loam family are shipwrecked on a desert island with the self-reliant Crichton and lady's maid Tweeny, the class system is put to the test.
Linotype: The Film=2012-02-03=A feature-length documentary centered around the Linotype typecasting machine. Called the “Eighth Wonder of the World” by Thomas Edison, it revolutionized printing and society. The film tells the surprisingly emotional story of the people connected to the Linotype and how it impacted the world.
Dear White People=2014-10-17=Four black students attend an Ivy League college where a riot breaks out over an “African American” themed party thrown by white students. With tongue planted firmly in cheek, the film explores racial identity in 'post-racial' America while weaving a story about forging one's unique path in the world.
The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes=1970-10-29=Director Billy Wilder adds a new and intriguing twist to the personality of intrepid detective Sherlock Holmes. One thing hasn't changed however: Holmes' crime-solving talents. Holmes and Dr. Watson take on the case of a beautiful woman whose husband has vanished. The investigation proves strange indeed, involving six missing midgets, villainous monks, a Scottish castle, the Loch Ness monster, and covert naval experiments. Can the sleuths make sense of all this and solve the mystery
When Saturday Comes=1996-03-01=Jimmy Muir comes from a typical gritty, northern town where there are only two options: working down the pit or in a factory. But Jimmy has other ideas - he dreams of becoming a professional footballer. Confronted by a bitter and unsupportive father, hard drinking friends and a lifetime of bad habits...has Jimmy the will to achieve his ultimate goal?
Black Cloud=2004-01-01=Black Cloud, is an inspirational story about a young Navajo, Native American boxer, who overcomes personal challenges as he comes to terms with his heritage, while fighting his way for a spot on the US Olympic boxing team.
Bẫy Rồng=2009-12-09=Trinh, a mercenary, must complete a series of organized crime jobs for her boss in order to win the release of her kidnapped daughter. She hires several mercenaries to help, including Quan, who she becomes attracted to. Trinh and Quan's relationship becomes complicated as it becomes evident that their motivations are not the same.
Zaat=1971-01-01=A mad scientist (and apparent former Nazi) unleashes his master plan: to transform himself into a mutated walking catfish, gain revenge on those who have spurned him, and kidnap nubile young women to similarly transform so that he can breed. Or something like that.
Sexy Beast=2000-09-13=Gary is a former gangster who has made a modest amount of money from his criminal career. Happy to put his life of crime behind him, he has retired with his wife Deedee to the sunny bliss of rural Spain, where he lives an idyllic life with his family and a few close friends. But Gary's contentment is ruptured by an unwelcome visitor from his past. Don.
Gekijô ban poketto monsutâ: Daiyamondo & Pâru - Giratina to sora no hanataba Sheimi=2008-07-19="The film opens with Shaymin as Dialga appears. Then, in the Reverse or Distortion World Giratina senses Dialga's presence, and flies up to the Real World to capture him. Dialga drinks, just as Giratina's portal opens up. Giratina then drags Dialga into the Reverse World. Shaymin is also catapulted into the Reverse World. As Dialga and Giratina fight, Zero observes the battle in his ship. Shaymin absorbs a dark gas and uses ""Seed Flare,"" tearing a hole in the Reverse World and escaping. Dialga fires a laser at Giratina, enveloping her in a time loop and trapping her in the Reverse World. As Dialga escapes, Shaymin falls into a river."
Ride Along 2=2016-01-14=As his wedding day approaches, Ben heads to Miami with his soon-to-be brother-in-law James to bring down a drug dealer who's supplying the dealers of Atlanta with product.
S*P*Y*S=1974-09-05=Two CIA bunglers (Donald Sutherland, Elliott Gould) botch a Soviet defection, then both sides mark them for termination.
Peeping Tom=1960-04-06=Loner Mark Lewis works at a film studio during the day and, at night, takes racy photographs of women. Also he's making a documentary on fear, which involves recording the reactions of victims as he murders them. He befriends Helen, the daughter of the family living in the apartment below his, and he tells her vaguely about the movie he is making. She sneaks into Mark's apartment to watch it and is horrified by what she sees -- especially when Mark catches her.
The Marriage Chronicles=2012-02-14=Three couples trying to spice up their marriages go on a retreat run by a sexy psychologist and her handsome husband at a tranquil Malibu estate. Encouraged to share their most innermost feelings, the fun begins when secrets are revealed and hearts are challenged. How far will each couple go to save their marriage? (Redbox.com)
To Be Fat Like Me=2007-01-08=Pretty, popular, and slim high-schooler Aly Schimdt had plans of earning a sports scholarship to college but a knee injury ruins her chances. She decides to enter a documentary contest in the hopes of winning money for college. She believes that overweight people, like her mom and brother, seem to make excuses about how the world perceives them. So Aly decides to attend a rival high school as a heavily overweight person for the documentary, but not change her personality. Aly intends and hopes to prove that personality will outshine physical appearance. But when she's met with ridicule, harassment, and name-calling she begins to see things differently.
Tales from the Organ Trade=2013-09-20=A look into the underground world of trafficking human body parts.
Mille Mois=2003-10-01=1981, Morocco. A village in the Atlas mountains. A city in the distance. A child. A family facing its destiny.
Silence=2016-12-22=Two Jesuit priests travel to seventeenth century Japan which has, under the Tokugawa shogunate, banned Catholicism and almost all foreign contact.
The Good Father=1985-11-01=Bill Hooper -- bitter after a messy divorce -- tries to help a friend gain custody of his child any way he can.
The Russia House=1990-12-19=An expatriate British publisher unexpectedly finds himself working for British intelligence to investigate people in Russia.
The Disappointments Room=2016-09-09=A mother and her young son release unimaginable horrors from the attic of their rural dream home.
Ride 'Em Cowboy=1942-02-13=Two peanut vendors at a rodeo show get in trouble with their boss and hide out on a railroad train heading west. They get jobs as cowboys on a dude ranch, despite the fact that neither of them knows anything about cowboys, horses, or anything else.
地球攻撃命令 ゴジラ対ガイガン=1972-03-12=Godzilla's 12th film. After a accepting a job at a monster-themed park, a man learns his new employers are actually aliens who plan to use Ghidorah and Gigan to destroy earth.  Godzilla and Anguirus must battle them to defend earth.
Waterland=1992-08-21=The story of a mentally anguished high school history teacher going through a complete reassessment of his life. His method for reassessing his life is to narrate it to his class and interweave in it three generations of his family's history.
Forbidden=1949-02-28=Set on Blackpool’s Golden Mile, Jim (Douglass Montgomery), a once promising scientist, sets up in business as a patent medicine man selling hair tonic at the fair with his ex-army colleague Dan (Ronald Shiner). Following a fight with local hoods over pitch spaces, Jim falls for Jane (Hazel Court), the girl on a nearby candy floss stall. The two begin dating but Jim fails to mention he is already married.
Tattoo, a Love Story=2002-04-11="Teacher Sara has always played by the rules and has never thought of herself as one who's attracted to the ""bad boy"" type. That all changes when tattoo artist Virgil takes part in a classroom show-and-tell session and Sara reluctantly finds herself attracted to the biker guy. Will straightlaced Sara allow herself to fall for a man who's completely different from her?"
Bodom=2016-08-19=Every camper’s worst nightmare came true at Lake Bodom in 1960 when four teenagers were stabbed to death while sleeping in their tent. As the years passed and the case grew cold, the unsolved mystery turned into an urban legend, a creepy campfire story passed from generation to generation. Now, a group of teenagers arrives at the same campsite, hoping to solve the murder by reconstructing it minute by minute. As night falls, it turns out that not all of them are there to play. Tonight… it’s girls against boys. Let the killing games begin.
Flicka: Country Pride=2012-05-01=Flicka and Toby help out a struggling stable owner and her teenage daughter.
Bad Santa=2003-11-26=A miserable conman and his partner pose as Santa and his Little Helper to rob department stores on Christmas Eve. But they run into problems when the conman befriends a troubled kid, and the security boss discovers the plot.
The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner=1962-09-20=A rebellious youth, sentenced to a boy's reformatory for robbing a bakery, rises through the ranks of the institution through his prowess as a long distance runner. During his solitary runs, reveries of his life and times before his incarceration lead him to re-evaluate his privileged status as the Governor's prize runner.
Un eroe dei nostri tempi=1955-01-01=Alberto Menichetti lives with an aunt and an old housekeeper, Clotilde; he has a job in a firm and his boss is Mrs. De Ritis, a widow whose husband was killed during a wild boar hunt. She likes him but Alberto likes Marcella; she is under age and he is awaiting her birthday to declare his love. His greater traits are to be fearful of everything and to be selfish. This nature will get him into trouble..
Asier ETA biok=2014-01-17=Asier and I grew up in the Basque Country. But one day he disappeared, later I found out he had joined ETA.
Killing Lincoln=2013-02-16=April 14, 1865. One gunshot. One assassin hell-bent on killing a tyrant, as he charged the 16th President of the United States. And in one moment, our nation was forever changed. This is the most dramatic and resonant crime in American history: the true story of the killing of Abraham Lincoln. From Executive Producers Ridley Scott and Tony Scott, and narrated by Tom Hanks, National Geographic Channel's first ever docudrama, Killing Lincoln, based on the New York Times bestseller, combines re-creations with historical insight in a thrilling chronicle of the final days of President Lincoln and his assassin, John Wilkes Booth.
Gulliver Mickey=1934-05-19=Mickey is first seen reading Gulliver's Travels while the mice orphan children are pretending to be sailors. After ruining their game Mickey tries to make it up to them by retelling the Liliput sequences of Gulliver's Travels pretending it was a real event that happened to him by portraying the role of Gulliver. The story ends with Mickey saving the town from a giant spider (Pete). However after telling the story, one of the children dangles a fake spider attached to a fishing rod which scares Mickey out of his witts.
Ahí va el diablo=2012-09-11=A married couple loses their children while on a family trip near some caves in Tijuana. The kids eventually reappear without explanation, but it becomes clear that they are not who they used to be, that something terrifying has changed them.
Sky=2015-09-16=A woman embarks on a journey alone across the United States after fleeing from her violent husband.
Se t'incontro, t'ammazzo=1971-03-27=A farmer returns home from the forest to find his family butchered. He decides to hunt down the murderers.
Binta y la gran idea=2004-10-25=Binta, a little girl from Senegal, tells us about the everyday life in her village, the importance of education for the girls, and about her father's great idea to make the world a better place.
Bring It On: Fight to the Finish=2009-07-31=Christina Milian stars as sassy cheer captain Lina Cruz, whose world is turned upside-down when her family moves from the urban streets of East Los Angeles to the sunny beach town of Malibu. At her new school, Lina clashes with Avery, the ultra-competitive all-star cheer captain, while also falling for Avery's super-cute brother, Evan.
The Show=1927-01-22=Cock Robin (John Gilbert) is the swaggering ballyhoo man of a Hungarian sideshow known as the Palace of Illusions. The highlight of the show is a reenactment of Salome's dance of the seven veils, replete with the beheading of John the Baptist. The performer (Renee Adoree) playing Salome is in love with Cock Robin. Jealous, sinister The Greek (Lionel Barrymore) is determined to eliminate this competition for Salome's affections.
Pretty Woman=1990-03-23=When millionaire wheeler-dealer Edward Lewis enters a business contract with Hollywood hooker Vivian Ward, he loses his heart in the bargain in this charming romantic comedy. After Edward hires Vivian as his date for a week and gives her a Cinderella makeover, she returns the favor by mellowing the hardnosed tycoon's outlook. Can the poor prostitute and the rich capitalist live happily ever after?
Following=1998-09-12=A struggling, unemployed young writer takes to following strangers around the streets of London, ostensibly to find inspiration for his new novel.
வேட்டையாடு விளையாடு=2006-08-25=Raghavan (Kamal Haasan) is an honest cop in Tamil Nadu. His wife Kayalvizhi (Kamalinee Mukerji) dies in a violent incident. Raghavan is deputized to investigate the murder of Rani, the daughter of his colleague Arokiya Raj (Prakash Raj) in a remote village in Tamil Nadu. Arokiya moves to New York after his daughter's murder.
The Devils=1971-07-01=A dramatised historical account of the rise and fall of Urbain Grandier, a 17th-century Roman Catholic priest accused of  witchcraft following alleged demonic possessions of sexually repressed nuns.
Baby Geniuses=1999-03-12=Scientist hold talking, super-intelligent babies captive, but things take a turn for the worse when a mix-up occurs between a baby genius and its twin.
Lorenzo's Oil=1992-12-30=Lorenzo Odone was a normal child until the age of 7. After then, strange things began to happen to him: he would have blackouts, memory lapses, and other strange mental phemonenons. He is eventually diagnosed as suffering from ALD: an extremely rare incurable degenerative brain disorder. Frustrated at the failings of doctors and medicine in this area, the Odones begin to educate themselves
Promises=2001-01-01=Documentarians Justine Shapiro and B.Z. Goldberg traveled to Israel to interview Palestinian and Israeli kids ages 11 to 13, assembling their views on living in a society afflicted with violence, separatism and religious and political extremism. This 2002 Oscar nominee for Best Feature Documentary culminates in an astonishing day in which two Israeli children meet Palestinian youngsters at a refugee camp.
Three Godfathers=1936-03-06=Four outlaws come to New Jerusalem, a town full of courteous and religious people, to rob the bank. After shooting the president of the bank, only three make it out of town followed by the posse. By the time they get to the second desert water hole, they find it dry and also find a wagon with a dying mother and baby. When the horses are dead the next morning, the three outlaws have no choice but to try to walk back to New Jerusalem and only two want to take the baby.
The Marseille Contract=1974-09-04=The Marseille Contract is a 1974 British thriller film directed by Robert Parrish and scored by Roy Budd. It stars Michael Caine, Anthony Quinn and James Mason. It concerns an attempt to bring down a drugs baron, by hiring an assassin.
Toro=2016-04-22="Toro (Spanish for ""Bull"") is a young con man and the right hand of Romano, a powerful mob boss in Torremolinos, Málaga (Andalusia, south to Spain). After Toro decides to leave Romano to get a life free of crime, his last sting fails, resulting one of his brothers dead and he sent to jail. Five years later, Romano realizes that López, Toro's older brother, is robbing him money from his tourism business and he orders to kidnap Diana, López's little daughter, until this one get back the money. Without options, López visits Toro, now a touristic driver with the third grade prison close to get the parole, who only wants to be free to marry his girlfriend Estrella. When Toro accepts to help López and both meet Romano looking for a solution, Toro ends attacking Romano's men and fleeing with Diana, trying to escape from Romano's revenge. But Romano starts a ruthless searching for they three, meanwhile Toro counts the hours to back the prison according to the third grade..."
Ostrov Vezeniya=2013-12-05=A funny comedy about three young girls and one man who are stuck on inhabited island.
Batoru rowaiaru II: Chinkonka=2003-07-05="It's three years after the events of the original Battle Royale, and Shuya Nanahara is now an internationally-known terrorist determined to bring down the government. His terrorist group, Wild Seven, stages an attack that levels several buildings in Tokyo on Christmas Day, killing 8000 people. In order for the government to study the benefits of ""teamwork"", the new students work in pairs, with their collars electronically linked so that if one of them is killed, the other dies as well. They must kill Nanahara in three days - or die."
Barcelona=1994-07-29=During the 1980s, uptight Ted Boynton is a salesman working in the Barcelona office of a Chicago-based company. He receives an unexpected visit from his cousin Fred, a naval officer who has come to Spain on a public relations mission for a U.S. fleet. Not exactly friends in the past, Ted and Fred strike up relationships with women in the Spanish city and experience conflicts -- Ted with his employer, and Fred with the Barcelona community.
Black Wax=1983-01-12="Gil Scott-Heron, one of rap's earliest (and unfortunately unknown) pioneers, gets his full due in Black Wax, the 1982 documentary recently reissued on video. Interspliced between performance footage of Scott-Heron and his Midnight Band are vignettes of him walking around Washington D.C., spouting his views on then-President Reagan (dubbed ""Ray-Gun"") and generally dropping knowledge. The live performance features many of Scott-Heron's best-known hits, including ""Johannesburg,"" ""Winter in America,"" and ""Angel Dust,"" among others. Warm, intelligent, and insightful throughout, Scott-Heron is clearly enjoying himself and the opportunity to espouse his views. A must for any fan of Scott-Heron's, and definitely worth a look for fans of the funkier jazz music of the mid to late 1970's."
Cosimo e Nicole=2012-11-29=Cosimo is Italian, Nicole French. They meet in Genoa during the G8 protests and immediately fall in love. Swept off their feet by an overwhelming and uncontrollable passion, they decide never to part. After much wandering they decide to return to Genoa, where they start working for a friend of theirs who organises concerts. Things seem to be going well until a tragic accident almost sours their relationship, as a result of which they’re faced with two options that can change their future. Forever.
Nocturna=2007-09-06=In the aging orphanage the days pass very uneventfully, but the nights are something quite different; at least for Tim they are. The light reflected from the stars is the only cure for his fear of the dark. One night this fear leads him to the orphanage rooftop. Where he discovers that his favorite star has disappeared, and unfortunately it´s not going to be the last one. Tim also discovers...
Freaked=1993-09-11=A vain actor, his best friend, and an activist end up at a mutant freak farm run by a weirdo scientist.
Stuck=2013-02-23=The documentary “Stuck” follows Americans' quest to adopt orphans from Ethiopia, Haiti and Vietnam.
Flipper=1996-05-17=Sandy Ricks is sent by his mom to Coral Key, a rustic island in the Florida keys, to spend the summer with his uncle Porter Ricks. Sandy dislikes everything about his new environment until a new friend comes into his life, a dolphin named Flipper, that brings uncle and nephew together and leads Sandy on the summer adventure of a lifetime.
Fanboys=2009-02-06=In 1999, Star Wars fanatics take a cross-country trip to George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch so their dying friend can see a screening of The Phantom Menace before its release.
VeggieTales: God Wants Me to Forgive Them!?!=1994-10-01=Discover with the Veggies the real reasons God wants us to forgive in this VeggieTales classic! Featured stories include The Grapes of Wrath and Larry's Lagoon.
H2S=1969-09-05=Surreal science-fiction fantasy about a student revolt at a futuristic University.
Safelight=2015-04-17=A teenage boy and girl discover a renewed sense of possibility as they go on a road trip to photograph lighthouses along the California coast.
Les papillons japonais=1908-05-15=Two Japanese paint a silk worm on a screen. The insect comes alive and begins to spin its cocoon. He is soon trapped in his prison silk. The cocoon is now well in sight. He suddenly opens and a beautiful butterfly takes flight. After fluttered to the right and left, the beautiful insect lands and then begin a series of transformations.
Жена керосинщика=1988-01-01=Drama film about different lifes of twin brothers.
My Bodyguard=1980-07-11="Clifford Peach (Chris Makepeace), an easygoing teenager, is finding less than easy to fit in at his new high school, where a tough-talking bully (Matt Dillon) terrorizes his classmates and extorts their lunch money. Refusing to pay up, Clifford enlist the aid of an overgrown misfit whose mere presence intimidates students and teachers alike. But their ""business relationship"" soon turns personal as Clifford and the troubled loner forge a winning alliance against their intimidators - and a very special friendship with each other. Ruth Gordon, Martin Mull, Joan Cusack and John Houseman round out ""a truly remarkable cast"" (Variety) in this delightful coming-of-age comedy and triumphant tribute to the underdog."
Roadie=1980-06-13=A young Texas good ol' boy has a knack with electronic equipment, and that talent gets him a job as a roadie with a raucous traveling rock-and-roll show.
The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry=1945-08-17=George Sanders stars in this engrossing melodrama about a very domineering sister who holds a tight grip on her brother -- especially when he shows signs of falling in love.
The Spy with a Cold Nose=1966-12-19=A dog with a spying device under its skin is sent to the Russian government as a present. When the Russians send the dog to a veterinary,  British intelligence must get to the dog first and retrieve the spying device.
Every Thing Will Be Fine=2015-04-02=One day, driving aimlessly around the outskirts of town after a trivial domestic quarrel, a writer named Tomas accidentally hits and kills a child. Will he be able to move on?
Altered=2006-01-01=Fifteen years ago, a group of men's lives were forever changed by a strange occurrence. Now, the same group of men will spend a night together ... in terror.
8 новых свиданий=2015-01-01="Vera and Nikita have been married for 3 years. In the midst of another joyful quarrel they exchange views on what should be a ""normal man"" and ""a good wife."" And the next morning ... everyone wakes up with a ""perfect half."" Nikita has a blonde wife blonde, which is a good cook; Vera has a caring husband, a businessman, he buys her favorite breakfast croissants. With whom is life better? Be careful with your dreams - sometimes they come true!"
The Best Man=1964-04-05=The other party is in disarray. Five men vie for the party nomination for president. No one has a majority as the first ballot closes and the front-runners begin to decide how badly they want the job.
Tusk=1980-03-01=An English girl and an Indian elephant, born on the same day, share a common destiny...
Criss Cross=1949-01-12=Burt Lancaster plays Steve Thompson, a man who seals his dark fate when he returns to Los Angeles to find his ex-wife Anna Dundee (Yvonne DeCarlo) eager to rekindle their love against all better judgement. She encourages their affair but then quickly marries mobster Slim Dundee (Dan Duryea). To deflect suspicion of the affair, Steve Thompson leads Dundee into a daylight armored-truck robbery.
Pet Sematary=1989-04-21="Dr. Louis Creed's family moves into the country house of their dreams and discover a pet cemetery at the back of their property. The cursed burial ground deep in the woods brings the dead back to life -- with ""minor"" problems. At first, only the family's cat makes the return trip, but an accident forces a heartbroken father to contemplate the unthinkable."
Pororo: The Racing Adventure=2013-11-17=Curious little penguin Pororo and his friends accidentally cause an airplane to make an emergency landing in their home of Pororo Village. On the airplane are some turtles being shipped to Northpia to deliver ice sleds, or racing ice cars. Nevertheless, Pororo and his friends believe that the turtles are racers, and the turtles end up giving the gang at Pororo Village some lessons and passing on the championship spirit. In the end, Pororo and his friends follow the turtles to Northpia to participate in the race. Upon arriving at icily beautiful Northpia's race, Pororo and his friends wind up unlikely front-runners, ahead of the polar bears, and make it to the finals. However, a more complicated course awaits Pororo and his friends- as does their strongest adversary yet.
Max Dugan Returns=1983-03-25=An English teacher and struggling single mother has her life disrupted when the father who abandoned her as a child comes back into her life.
Cube=1997-09-09=Seven strangers are taken out of their daily lives and placed mysteriously in a deadly cube where they all agree they must find their way out.
Kukkulan kuningas=2009-09-23=It's Christmas Eve in Helsinki. Young taxi driver Samu is working to escape a family Christmas with his fiancé and baby. At the airport Samu picks up a fascinating customer: a Finnish mercenary Hans, who has returned to Helsinki after an absence of 20 years. Hans hires Samu to go on a mission with him: to find Laura, the daughter of his recently deceased best friend and brother in arms. The quest to find Laura leads the men around the wintry city, to places and people from Hans's past. As Samu watches Hans confront his past, he begins to open his eyes to his own future. When the eventful mission reaches its end, both of the men's lives are forever changed.
Dead Ringer=1964-02-19=The working class twin sister of a callous wealthy woman impulsively murders her out of revenge and assumes the identity of the dead woman. But impersonating her dead twin is more complicated and risky than she anticipated.
Muhammad Ali's Greatest Fight=2013-10-04=Muhammad Ali’s historic Supreme Court battle from behind closed doors. When Ali was drafted into the Vietnam War at the height of his boxing career, his claim to conscientious objector status led to a controversial legal battle that rattled the U.S. judicial system right up to the highest court in the land.
Lea to the Rescue=2016-05-30=Born for adventure, Lea Clark heads deep into the Brazilian rainforest, where her most exciting story awaits.
The Jolly Boys' Last Stand=2000-01-01="The story revolves around a group of ""Lads"". The ""leader"" of this group of twenty somethings starts to head away the group's usual juvenile direction and head into career and marriage pursuits. The Best Man decides to create a video of the friends as a wedding present. In reality the video is supposed to help bring the leader back into the fold."
Eminem AKA=2004-12-07=No overview yet.
I figli di nessuno=1951-02-10=The tragic love story between Guido, the owner of a marble quarry and Luisa, the humble daughter of one of his employees, ends up in her giving birth to a baby boy. Giulio's mother is against them: at first she takes her son abroad with an excuse and then has her grandson kidnapped making Luisa think the boy died in a fire.
Outcast of the Islands=1951-11-15=After financial improprieties are discovered at the Eastern trading company where he works, Peter Willems flees the resulting disgrace and criminal charges. He persuades the man who gave him his start in life, the merchant ship captain Lingard, to bring him to a trading post on a remote Indonesian island where he can hide out.
A Thousand Men and a Baby=1997-12-07=An American soldier finds an abandoned baby in a dumpster. The aircraft's crew welcomed him enthusiastically to provide necessary medical care, but the Korean authorities want to avoid calling the commander to let him in an orphanage. Telefilm based on a true story that occurred in 1953.
Jeepers Creepers 2=2003-08-08=After 23 horrifying days of gorging on human flesh, an ancient creature known as the Creeper embarks on a final voracious feeding frenzy, terrorizing a group of varsity basketball players, cheerleaders and coaches stranded on a remote highway when their bus breaks down. The terrified group is forced to come together and do battle against the winged creature hell-bent on completing its grizzly ritual.
Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania=1972-10-04=Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania is a 1971–72 documentary film by Jonas Mekas. It revolves around Mekas' trip back to Semeniškiai, the village of his birth.
Les dents du singe=1960-01-01=Monkey's Teeth, a slow and ugly fairy tale based on the drawings of inmates at a psychiatric clinic where LaLoux worked.
Bachelor Party Vegas=2006-04-25=A planned evening of debauchery in Las Vegas to celebrate their best friend's wedding goes horribly -- but hilariously -- wrong for five average guys.
Under Fire=1983-10-21=Three U.S. journalists (Nick Nolte, Joanna Cassidy, Gene Hackman) get too close to one another and their work in 1979 Nicaragua.
Prime Suspect: The Final Act=2006-11-12=Helen Mirren returns for the final time as Jane Tennison in the long-awaited Prime Suspect 7. Retirement looms for Detective Superintendent Tennison, but as her career draws to a close, the body of a missing schoolgirl is found, and the hunt for her killer begins. However, as Jane and her colleagues work to identify their prime suspect, the emotional fallout from the murder begins to take its toll on the battle-scarred detective. As the investigation gets underway, Jane is not only dealing with the imminent death of her father, but also an addiction to alcohol which she is desperately trying to keep hidden. There are plenty of twists and turns as Jane confronts her toughest challenge yet: herself, as the popular award-winning series reaches its devastating finale.
I Don't Know How She Does It=2011-09-16=A comedy centered on the life of Kate Reddy, a finance executive who is the breadwinner for her husband and two kids.
36 Fillette=1988-03-03=Lili, a pouty and voluptuous 14-year-old, is caravan camping with her family in Biarritz. She's self-aware and holds her own in a café conversation with a concert pianist she meets, but she has a wild streak and she's testing her powers over men, finding that she doesn't always control her moods or actions, and she's impatient with being a virgin. She sets off with her brother to a disco, latching onto an aging playboy who is himself hot and cold to her. She is ambivalent about losing her virginity that night, willing the next, and determined by the third. The playboy's mix of depression and misogyny ends their unconsummated affair, so Lili has to hunt elsewhere.
Igor=2008-09-19=Animated fable about a cliché hunchbacked evil scientist's assistant who aspires to become a scientist himself, much to the displeasure of the rest of the evil science community.
Annual Baby Parade, 1904, Asbury Park, N.J.=1904-09-01=Baby Parade at Asbury Park, N.J., in 1904.
Terror Firmer=1999-10-29=TROMA crew are the only folks capable of stopping a crazed hermaphrodite from continuing it's violent rampage!
Miami Vice=2006-07-27=Miami Vice is a feature film based on the 1980s action drama TV series. The film tells the story of vice detectives Crockett and Tubbs and how their personal and professional lives are dangerously getting mixed.
The Big Shave=1968-01-01=This short film is a metaphor for the Vietnam War. A man walks into a meticulously clean and sterile bathroom, concentrating on the polished porcelain and shiny metal motif. He then proceeds to shave. When his face is clean, however, he only continues to shave until he pierces through his skin. Blood covers him and falls around him, the red contrasting the perfect spotlessness of the bathroom.
Groenten uit Balen=2011-12-14=The story of the laborer family Debruycker during the turbulent strike by Vieille Montagne in 1971.
チェーンソー・メイド=2007-12-08=A sexy maid equipped with a chainsaw is a family's only hope against hordes of the undead zombies.
Past Life=2016-12-01=In the fascinating new film from director Avi Nesher (The Wonders), two Israeli sisters delve into the dark mystery of their father’s former life in Poland during World War II.
The Little Hut=1957-05-03=Sir Philip Ashlow (Stewart Granger), his neglected wife, Lady Ashlow (Ava Gardner) and his best friend Henry Brittingham-Brett (David Niven) are shipwrecked on a desert island. This potential ménage à trois where the two men compete for the lady's attention is interrupted by the unexpected arrival of a fourth inhabitant of the island.
The Hungover Games=2014-02-01="It's a movie about Hungover guys that get lost in a death match game: Each year, drunk people are selected to participate in torturous games the morning after a big night out. There's no sunglasses, no water, and no headache medicine. ""The Hungover Games,"" a film that manages to merge the premises of both ""The Hunger Games"" and ""The Hangover"" ... and throw in references to ""Ted,"" ""Django Unchained,"" ""The Lord of the Rings,"" ""Carrie,"" ""The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills"" and whatever else crossed the writers' fevered brains during the probably very drunken ""development process."""
A Pyromaniac's Love Story=1995-04-28=A pastry boy and the son of a hair-piece mogul become involved in an arson scandal. Sergio is offered a bribe in exchange for taking the blame for the fire that destroys his workplace. Garet, the real arsonist, is apalled that someone else would try to take credit for his act of love. Before long, Sergio and Garet become entangled in a zany love-quadrangle involving Hattie and Stephanie. Written by Brian Whiting
Den enskilde medborgaren=2006-01-09=Insurance Director Stig Roxby is worth a hundred times more than an ordinary high school teacher. But he doesn't think that's enough, but sees himself forced to work with four other director colleagues to lift the bonus cap to be even more valuable. After some complications, Stig Roxby realize the brutal truth: he has everything but the essentials...
獨臂刀=1967-07-26=An evil gang attacks the Chi school of Golden Sword Kung Fu. One student sacrifices his life to save his teacher and his school, his dying wish is that his son be taken in as a student. Young Fang Kang grows up in the school and treasures his father's broken sword and the memory of his father's sacrifice. The other students (including the teacher's daughter) resent him and try to drive him away. The teacher's daughter challenges him to a fight and when he refuses she becomes enraged and recklessly chops off his arm! He retreats, broken and bloody, and is found by a young poor girl living alone who nurses him back to health. Meanwhile, the evil gang who originally attacked the Golden Sword school develops a weapon that renders the Golden Sword useless and starts killing off all of the schools students. Fang Kang eventually recovers with the girl's help but must now face a life with only one arm. Will he be able to recover and live to defend the school as his father did?
Trancers 6: Life After Deth=2002-07-23=In a return to the groundbreaking original film's premise, Jack Deth is back - traveling back in time and into the body of his own daughter, Josephine (Zette Sullivan), on a mission to save her life and save the world from the most lethal Trancers yet. Jack/Jo must adapt and survive being a girl while avoiding many assassination attempts by more powerful and dangerous zombie-like Trancers than he's ever faced before.
Hard Choices=1986-05-16=A teenaged boy goes for a ride with his brother and the brother's friends, who proceed to rob a store and murder the clerk. They are caught and, despite the young boy's protestations, he is convicted of murder and sent to prison. A female social worker assigned to the boy's case not only believes him, but begins to fall in love with him, and determines to either help him prove his innocence or escape.
Womb=2010-07-15=A woman's consuming love forces her to bear the clone of her dead beloved. From his infancy to manhood, she faces the unavoidable complexities of her controversial decision.
Война и Мир 3: 1812 год=1967-07-21=In 1812, Napoleon's Army invades Russia. Kutuzov asks Bolkonsky to join him as a staff officer, yet the prince requests a command in the field. Pierre sets out to watch the upcoming confrontation between the armies. During the Battle of Borodino, he volunteers to assist in an artillery battery. Bolkonsky's unit waits in the reserve, but he is hit by a shell. Both Anatol and Bolkosnky suffer severe wounds. The French Army is victorious and advances on Moscow.
MP3: Mera Pehla Pehla Pyaar=2007-06-08=Delhi-based Rohan Sood lives a wealthy lifestyle along with his businessman dad, Shekhar, and mom, Renu. He attends St. Lawrence High School and is friendly with Vasu, Sudhir and Javed, and together the friends land in hot water virtually everyday. Then everything changes when he first sets eyes on heart-achingly beautiful new student..
A Night at the Movies: The Suspenseful World of Thrillers=2009-10-02=A look at thrillers from all sides, including different types of thrillers and the stylistic tools filmmakers use to give their audiences a shot of adrenaline.
La maman et la putain=1973-05-01=In this sexually frank French drama, the aimless young Alexandre  juggles his relationships with his girlfriend, Marie, and a casual lover named Veronika. The dialogue-heavy film focuses intently on the love triangle, with Marie increasingly jealous of Alexandre's fling with Veronika. As the trio continues their unsustainable affair, the emotional stakes get higher, leading to conflict and unhappiness.
The Bermuda Triangle=1996-01-01="After a strange storm in the Carribean causes a boat to sink, a family finds itself stranded on an island in the ""27th dimension""."
Sorry I Love You=2013-11-01=Based on the hit Korean television series “I’m Sorry I Love You”, Larry Yang’s Chinese film remake “Sorry I Love You” displays the skills of an upcoming director and actors, including model Vivian Dawson stepping up to earnestly play the male leading character. With only six months to live, due to a bullet in his head which could not have been surgically taken out, Walker decided to leave Vancouver, where he grew up, and go back to China to look for his biological parents and twin sister(Jule). Walker knew that he probably did not have enough time to find any one of them, but everything changed when he ran into the girl(Encai) who he'd saved from a few street thugs several months back in Vancouver. When Walker finally found out the identity of his birth mother(Hui) and stood in front of her giant luxurious mansion, he suddenly felt that his whole life had been a punch line of a practical joke......
Birth of a Flower=1910-11-16="""Percy Smith (1880-1944) was world famous as a photographer of plant life. Probably the first British example of time-lapse photography as applied to the growth of plants."" Montly Film Bulletin, November 1955"
The Big Snit=1985-01-01="A couple plays Scrabble. He's stuck with seven E's and getting nowhere fast, so she decides to do some housework. While she's out of the room, he glances at her letters; she catches him at it and an argument ensues. Meanwhile, a nuclear war is breaking out, with chaos in the streets as people try to escape the city before bombs fall. The couple's argument escalates; they bring up their pet peeves - ""you're always shaking your eyes,"" ""well, you're always sawing the furniture!"" Can there be reconciliation before annihilation? And, what about the Scrabble game?"
Backtrack=2015-07-25=Troubled psychotherapist Peter Bowers is suffering from nightmares and eerie visions. When he uncovers a horrifying secret that all of his patients share, he is put on a course that takes him back to the small hometown he fled years ago. There he confronts his demons and unravels a mystery 20 years in the making.
Charles Darwin and the Tree of Life=2009-02-01=Darwin's great insight – that life has evolved over millions of years by natural selection – has been the cornerstone of all David Attenborough’s natural history series. In this documentary, he takes us on a deeply personal journey which reflects his own life and the way he came to understand Darwin’s theory.
Yeti - Il gigante del 20° secolo=1977-12-23=A yeti gets loose in downtown Toronto.
Long Gone=2003-01-20=Documentary about 6 tramps who hop trains in America.
Angels Die Hard=1970-07-08=Gang of bikers try to save people in a mining disaster.
The General=1998-05-01=In a twenty-year career marked by obsessive secrecy, brutality and meticulous planning, Cahill netted over £40 million. He was untouchable - until a bullet from an IRA hitman ended it all.
Tu vida en 65'=2006-07-14=A Sunday, three young friends read the obituary of a schoolmate with whom long ago they lost contact. They go to the morgue and realize that they are wrong: that burial is not that of their fellow student. From this, the confusion and random weave a story of friendship, love and death.
Frogs=1972-03-10=Jason Crockett is an aging, grumpy, physically disabled millionaire who invites his family to his island estate for his birthday celebration. Pickett Smith is a free-lance photographer who is doing a pollution layout for an ecology magazine. Jason Crockett hates nature, poisoning anything that crawls on his property. On the night of his birthday the frogs and other members of nature begin to pay Crockett back.
I Know a Woman Like That=2009-10-13=Actress Virginia Madsen collaborates with her mother  Elaine Madsen to produce this documentary, which profiles a collection of fascinating woman between 64 and 94 years old. Among those featured in this extraordinary exploration of womanhood are famed model-turned-actress Lauren Hutton, screen and stage legend Rita Moreno and Hollywood pioneer Eartha Kitt.
The Gunfighter=2014-03-21=In the tradition of classic westerns, a narrator sets up the story of a lone gunslinger who walks into a saloon. However, the people in this saloon can hear the narrator and the narrator may just be a little bit bloodthirsty.
Tell Them Anything You Want: A Portrait of Maurice Sendak=2009-10-14=A loving look at one of the most cherished and controversial figures in children's literature.
Il pistolero dell'Ave Maria=1969-10-17=One of the most ambitious spaghetti westerns, The Forgotten Pistolero is a retelling of the Greek legend of Orestes, who avenges the murder of his father with the help of his friend and former mentor Pylades and his sister Electra. In Baldi’s movie, Orestes is called Sebastian, a man living on his own. One day a wounded stranger called Rafael/Pylades takes shelter in his house and tells him that he, Sebastian, is the son of a Mexican general who was murdered by his wife and her lover. Sebastian has no recollection of the massacre, but the tolling of the bells announcing the Ave Maria bring back fragmented memories. Finally Sebastian is re-united with his sister Isabella and together they avenge the murder of their father. The film is a bit confusing from time to time, with a storyline that seems over-complicated for a spaghetti western, but patient and attentive viewers are rewarded. The Forgotten Pistolero is also known for Roberto Pregadio’s awesome score.
Место на земле=2001-06-12=The film describes the life of homeless people who form a community in the center of modern-day Moscow. It relates the story of six couples who love each other and try to remain together despite the poverty and despair of their existence.
Pee-wee's Big Holiday=2016-03-18=A fateful meeting with a mysterious stranger inspires Pee-wee Herman to take his first-ever holiday.
The Water Front=2007-11-01=When a financially suffering town turns to an unlikely source -- its water plant -- for hope, no one expects $10,000 water bills and worse. This doc reveals the drastic policies enacted by an emergency financial manager, and their shocking effects.
Nanayomachi=2008-11-01=A young woman leaves her job and lover in Japan to start a new life in Thailand.
The Bride Comes Home=1935-12-25=A penniless socialite is hired by two young men as a front in their plan to start a magazine. Soon, however, they find themselves more interested in her than in their publishing venture.
The Lords of Discipline=1983-02-18=Will arrives for his last year at Military Academy, in the Deep South USA, in the 1960's. A black student, Pearce, has been accepted, for the first time and Will is asked to keep an eye out for the inevitable racism. The racists come in the form of The Ten, a secret group of the elite students. They want Pearce to leave on his own free will, but are prepared to torture him to make it 'his free will'. Will is forced to help Pearce and he is prepared to risk his own career to do so.
Break Up=1998-08-20=Jimmy is married to the abusive Frank, but she's building a nest egg so she can leave. For a year, she's been deaf as a result of one of his beatings. One night, he pushes her over the stairwell, and she ends up in the hospital. When a charred body in her husband's car is pulled from a pond, the cops want to talk to her, but she bolts for her sister's, loses her savings pass-book, and then learns someone has emptied her bank account. She's goes on the run, with the same cops on her trail, and eventually realizes Frank may not be dead. Getting back her money, facing Frank, satisfying the police, and finding her freedom may be more than she can handle. Written by
Häjyt=1999-01-14=Häjyt tells a story of two friends who have a hard time finding their place in the society. Antti and Jussi are released from jail. While they were doing time for bank robbery, the third man involved in the robbery, the one who was not convicted, has become a policeman. He tries to help his friends to settle into the small town in Pohjanmaa, but the boys start a black market liquor business instead. The road seems to lead back to the jail.
Santa sangre=1989-05-01="A young man is confined in a mental hospital. Through a flashback we see that he was traumatized as a child, when he and his family were circus performers: he saw his father cut off the arms of his mother, a religious fanatic and leader of the heretical church of Santa Sangre (""Holy Blood""), and then commit suicide. Back in the present, he escapes and rejoins his surviving and armless mother."
Bush's Brain=2004-03-13=An examination of political consultant Karl Rove's influence on George W. Bush's candidacy.
The Singing Marine=1937-07-03=Bob Brent, a young Marine from Arkansas, impresses his comrades with his singing ability, and they pitch in to send him to New York to compete in an amateur contest. Success in the contest, however, sets him up for trouble in romance, in his career, and with the Corps.
Werckmeister harmóniák=2000-07-12=This story takes place in a small town on the Hungarian Plain. In a provincial town, which is surrounded with nothing else but frost. It is bitterly cold weather — without snow. Even in this bewildered cold hundreds of people are standing around the circus tent, which is put up in the main square, to see — as the outcome of their wait — the chief attraction, the stuffed carcass of a real whale. The people are coming from everywhere. From the neighboring settlings, even from quite far away parts of the country. They are following this clumsy monster as a dumb, faceless, rag-wearing crowd. This strange state of affairs — the appearance of the foreigners, the extreme frost — disturbs the order of the small town. Ambitious personages of the story feel they can take advantage of this situation. The tension growing to the unbearable is brought to explosion by the figure of the Prince, who is pretending facelessness. Even his mere appearance is enough to break loose destructive emotions...
The Carpetbaggers=1964-04-08=The Carpetbaggers is a 1964 American film starring George Peppard as a character based largely on Howard Hughes and Alan Ladd as a former western gunslinger turned actor with the pseudonym Nevada Smith, played the following year in a prequel starring Steve McQueen in the part. Carroll Baker portrayed an actress inspired by Jean Harlow, who appeared in Hughes' film epic Hell's Angels. The Carpetbaggers was directed by Edward Dmytryk, filmed in 70mm, and was Alan Ladd's final film; Ladd died some months before its release.In the movie, George Peppard plays a hard-driven industrialist more than a little reminiscent of Howard Hughes. While he builds airplanes, directs movies and breaks hearts, his friends and lovers try to reach his human side, and find that it's an uphill battle. The film's title is a metaphor for self-promoting tycoons who perform quick financial takeovers, impose dictatorial controls for short-term profits, then move on to greener pastures.
A Hot Dog Program=1999-08-31=Enjoy an all-American celebration of what may be the country's most popular fast food. From Connecticut to South Carolina to California, Rick Sebak visits some of the nation's coolest hot dog places, taking viewers inside a giant hot dog-shaped building, stopping at some crazy late-night stands, and looking at how hot dogs are made. Wonder how and when hot dogs became so popular-or what toppings are tops these days? Tune in and find out.
Pitkä kuuma kesä=1999-03-26="The story of a rock band ""Kalle Päätalo"" in the 1980s."
The Mirror Crack'd=1980-09-19=Jane Marple solves the mystery when a local woman is poisoned and a visiting movie star seems to have been the intended victim.
The Woodcarver=2012-03-05=A troubled youth vandalizes a church and winds up in a close association with the woodcarver whose work he destroyed.
Angustia=1987-11-10=This gruesome horror film is about a mother-fixated ophthalmologist's assistant with an unhealthy interest in eyeballs and goes on a killing spree to collect human eyeballs for his mother's collection. But this is all just a horror movie viewed by a small crowd where a very real killer in the audience begins killing the patrons one by one paralleling the action in the other movie.
Unman, Wittering and Zigo=1971-07-11=A new school teacher learns that the previous teacher was killed by his pupils, and he fears the same will happen to him
الآخر=1999-05-26=Adam is the son of a wealthy Egyptian-American family who is studying at UCLA and returns home for a brief vacation. Upon his arrival he meets beautiful reporter Hanane, with whom he begins an intense love affair, and eventually they marry. Trouble arises when Hanane' s journalistic interests lead her to the corrupt business affairs of Adam's parents, who are interested in building an American tourist compound that would allow Americans further control of Egypt's tourist industry, and make them a whole lot richer.
Gone Fishin'=1997-05-30=Two fishing fanatics get in trouble when their fishing boat gets stolen while on a trip.
Kill List=2011-09-02=Nearly a year after a botched job, a hitman takes a new assignment with the promise of a big payoff for three killings. What starts off as an easy task soon unravels, sending the killer into the heart of darkness.
And Then There Were None=1945-10-31=Ten people are invited for a weekend on an island by a mysterious stranger, but it turns out he isn't present. At dinner a record is played which accuses each one of the guests of having committed a murder. They soon begin to realize a crazed killer is stalking them.
The Naked Civil Servant=1975-12-17=Story of the life of Quentin Crisp, an Englishman who was brave enough to live his life according to his own style even in the hostile days of WW2.
The Arnelo Affair=1947-02-13=A neglected wife gets mixed up with an hypnotic charmer and murder.
The Boob=1926-05-17=To impress the girl he loves, a poor country boy dons Tom Mix attire and tries to capture a group of local bootleggers. Silent, 1926.
Saving Face=2004-09-12=A Chinese-American lesbian and her traditionalist mother are reluctant to go public with secret loves that clash against cultural expectations.
La nuit américaine=1973-05-24=A committed film director struggles to complete his movie while coping with a myriad of crises, personal and professional, among the cast and crew.
Cyberbully=2015-01-15=A chilling real-time thriller featuring a teenager, Casey, battling with an anonymous cyber-stalker.
Midnight Ride=1990-01-01=A house wife just left her cop husband, when she picks up Justin McKay she'll wish she never did as she's plunged into a nightmare and the grip of a psychotic killer.
The White Bus=1967-12-01=An unnamed young woman (Patricia Healey) who is bored working in a London office takes a train to Manchester and ends up inexplicably deciding to board a white tourist bus that is packed with an eclectic assortment of international eccentrics. The bus stops at various locations including factories and the group is escorted about by the Lord Mayor (Arthur Lowe) who is decked out in full regalia.
Il tuo dolce corpo da uccidere=1970-06-27=Tells the story of a husband who wants to kill his unfaithful wife.He has many murderous fantasies in which he murders her.After the disposal of her beautiful dead body our hero looses incriminating suitcase.It's time to get the crime evidence back
Ich und Kaminski=2015-09-17=Young journalist Sebastian Zöllner is writing an article on artist Manuel Kaminski. Zöllner hopes that Kaminski dies soon, so that he can cash in on his article.
Angela's Ashes=1999-12-25=Based on the best selling autobiography by Irish expat Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes follows the experiences of young Frankie and his family as they try against all odds to escape the poverty endemic in the slums of pre-war Limerick. The film opens with the family in Brooklyn, but following the death of one of Frankie's siblings, they return home, only to find the situation there even worse. Prejudice against Frankie's Northern Irish father makes his search for employment in the Republic difficult despite his having fought for the IRA, and when he does find money, he spends the money on drink.
Space Warriors=2013-04-26=The son of a retired astronaut competes to win a seat on the next space shuttle.
The Sense of an Ending=2017-03-10=A man becomes haunted by his past and is presented with a mysterious legacy that causes him re-think his current situation in life.
墮落天使=1995-09-06=A disillusioned killer embarks on his last hit but first he has to overcome his affections for his cool, detached partner. Thinking it's dangerous and improper to become involved with a colleague, he sets out to find a surrogate for his affections. Against the sordid and surreal urban nightscape, he crosses path with a strange drifter looking for her mysterious ex-boyfriend and an amusing mute trying to get the world's attention in his own unconventional ways.
Point and Shoot=2014-04-19="At first glance, Matthew VanDyke—a shy Baltimore native with a sheltered upbringing and a tormenting OCD diagnosis—is the last person you’d imagine on the front lines of the 2011 Libyan revolution. But after finishing grad school and escaping the U.S. for ""a crash course in manhood,"" a winding path leads him just there. Motorcycling across North Africa and the Middle East and spending time as an embedded journalist in Iraq, Matthew lands in Libya, forming an unexpected kinship with a group of young men who transform his life. Matthew joins his friends in the rebel army against Gaddafi, taking up arms (and a camera). Along the way, he is captured and held in solitary confinement for six terrifying months. Academy Awa"
Deliver Us from Evil=1973-09-11=Several men hiking in the mountains discover an injured skyjacker who parachuted from a plane with $600,000. They kill him, then start fighting each other over the money.
Maxed Out=2006-03-10=Maxed Out takes us on a journey deep inside the American debt-style, where everything seems okay as long as the minimum monthly payment arrives on time. Sure, most of us may have that sinking feeling that something isn't quite right, but we're told not to worry. After all, there's always more credit!
Trapped=1949-10-01=U.S. Treasury Department agents go after a ring of counterfeiters.
O Mercado de Notícias=2014-04-09=Written in 1625 by the British playwright Ben Jonson, the play “The Staple of News” provides a historic root for this discussion about the role of the press in modern day Brazil. Journalists of several generations discuss the dilemmas of the selection and focus of their subjects, the resistance of the media in accepting itself as a political agent (though it has had a crucial role in influencing and forming the public opinion), the inevitability of interpretation as there are no hard facts in nature, and (above all) the search for an always complex balance between credibility and the public’s growing demand for news, which brings some organs to approach the realm of entertainment.
Scary Movie=2000-07-07=Following on the heels of popular teen-scream horror movies, with uproarious comedy and biting satire. Marlon and Shawn Wayans, Shannon Elizabeth and Carmen Electra pitch in to skewer some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters, including Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix, American Pie and The Blair Witch Project.
Kiss Them for Me=1957-12-10="Three navy war heroes are booked on a morale-building ""vacation"" in San Francisco. Once they manage to elude their ulcerated public relations officer, the trio throw a wild party with plenty of pretty girls."
Jonny Quest Vs. The Cyber Insects=1995-11-19=The evil Dr. Zin has genetically modified household pests into disturbingly large insects that he calls assassinoids, fearless and devoted warriors that will carry out his plan for world domination. Team Quest, headed by internationally respected scientist Benton Quest, is Earth's only hope. When the good doctor becomes Zin's captive, the stakes - and the action quotient - grow higher. Enter Jonny Quest, Dr. Quest's bright, excitable, imaginative and heroic young son, ex-special agent Race Bannon, Jonny's child genius pals Hadji and Jessie (Race's daughter), their robotic pal 4-DAC and bulldog Bandit to complete the job of vermin extermination before it's too late. Your quest for colorful animated excitement ends here with this high-tech feature-length adventure based on the beloved Hanna-Barbera series.
Le spie amano i fiori=1966-08-12=Three enemy agents lead a government security man on a perilous trail as the hunter becomes the hunted.
Out to Sea=1997-07-02=Care-free Charlie (Walter Matthau) cons his widower brother-in-law Herb (Jack Lemmon) into an expenses-paid luxury cruise in search of rich, lonely ladies. The catch is that they are required to be dance hosts! With a tyrannical cruise director, and the luscious Liz and lovely Vivian, our heroes have lots of mis-adventures before they finally return to port.
Too Young to Marry=2007-07-09=Connecticut high school students Max Doyle and Jessica Carpenter fall in love and feel making love isn't enough, so they brave everyone's objections and get married.
Gun Fury=1953-10-30=After a stagecoach holdup, Frank Slayton's notorious gang leave Ben Warren for deasd and head off with his fiancée. Warren follows, and although none of the townspeople he comes across are prepared to help, he recruits two others who have sworn revenge on the ruthless Slayton.
Hard to Kill=1990-02-09=Mason Storm, a 'go it alone' cop, is gunned down at home. The intruders kill his wife, and think they've killed both Mason and his son too. Mason is secretly taken to a hospital where he spends several years in a coma. His son meanwhile is growing up thinking his father is dead. When Mason wakes up, everyone is in danger - himself, his son, his best friend, his nurse - but most of all those who arranged for his death
Silver Lode=1954-07-23=Dan Ballard, a respected citizen in the western town of Silver Lode, has his wedding interrupted by four men led by Ned McCarthy, an old acquaintance who, as a US Marshal, arrests Ballard for the murder of his brother and the theft of $20,000. Ballard seeks to stall McCarthy while tracking down evidence that will prove his innocence.
Perry Mason: The Case of the Sinister Spirit=1987-05-24="Jordan White, a publisher friend of Perry, is called to a hotel where a guest, famous horror writer David Hall, has cleared out the hotel for a weekend and has called his ""friends"" - an actress, a fortune-teller, David's private assistant and the two remaining staff at the hotel to discuss business. They have come to the hotel as all of them are going to sue David over his new book - ""The Resort"" which characters are obviously based on Jordan and the guests. A practical joker, David plays tricks on them until he is thrown from the high tower of the hotel where Susan Warrenfield, the manager and owner of the hotel sees the fall and then Jordan at the tower causing the police to arrest Jordan. While Perry and Della try to solve the main mystery, Paul tries to find out who is trying to scare Susan away from the hotel. Could it really be a ghost or a more earthy visitor?"
Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer=2011-06-10=Third-grader Judy Moody sets out to have the most thrilling summer of her life.
In the Company of Men=1997-01-19=Two business executives--one an avowed misogynist, the other recently emotionally wounded by his love interest--set out to exact revenge on the female gender by seeking out the most innocent, uncorrupted girl they can find and ruining her life.
Accattone=1961-08-31=A pimp with no other means to provide for himself finds his life spiralling out of control when his prostitute is sent to prison.
The Last Hard Men=1976-04-22=In the early 20th century, some convicts while on a road gang escape and one of the convicts is Zach Provo, a half Indian, who was sent to prison during the latter part of the 19th century. He escapes with 6 others to exact vengeance on Sam Burgade the lawman who not only captured him but was also responsible for the death of Provo's wife, at least in Provo's mind. Part of his plan is to kidnap Burgade's daughter, which prompts him to strap on his guns and go after him on horseback. Can Burgade who has been retired for sometime still have what it takes to track Provo down?
The Deep End=2001-01-21=With her husband Jack perpetually away at work, Margaret Hall raises her children virtually alone. Her teenage son is testing the waters of the adult world, and early one morning she wakes to find the dead body of his gay lover on the beach of their rural lakeside home. What would you do? What is rational and what do you do to protect your child? How far do you go and when do you stop?
The Dyatlov Pass Incident=2013-02-27=Five young filmmakers retrace the steps of a doomed group of hikers in pursuit of an unsolvable mystery.
Cimarron=1931-02-09=When the government opens up the Oklahoma territory for settlement, restless Yancey Cravat claims a plot of the free land for himself and moves his family there from Wichita. A newspaperman, lawyer, and just about everything else, Cravat soon becomes a leading citizen of the boom town of Osage. Once the town is established, however, he begins to feel confined once again, and heads for the Cherokee Strip, leaving his family behind. During this and other absences, his wife Sabra must learn to take care of herself and soon becomes prominent in her own right.
Satan's Sadists=1969-06-01="The ""Satans"" are a very cruel biker gang led by Anchor. The gang goes to a diner in the middle of nowhere in the California desert where they begin to terrorize Lew and his patrons and his waitress, Tracy. After a little killing, one of the patrons named Johnny manages to escape from the bikers into the desert. They need to reach a town before the Satans catch up to them and kill them."
Kate Plays Christine=2016-01-24=Follow actress Kate Lyn Sheil as she prepares for her next role: playing Christine Chubbuck, a Florida newscaster who committed suicide live on-air in 1974. As Kate investigates Chubbuck’s story, uncovering new clues and information, she becomes increasingly obsessed with her subject.
Le Testament d'Orphée=1960-02-18=Outside time and reality, the experiences of a poet. The judgement of the young poet by Heurtebise and the Princess, the Gypsies, the palace of Pallas Athena, the spear of the Goddess which pierces the poet's heart, the temptation of the Sphinx, the flight of Oedipus and the final Assumption. This film is the third part of Cocteau's Orphic Trilogy, which consists of The Blood of a Poet (1930), Orpheus (1950) and Testament of Orpheus (1960).
Party Monster=1998-06-11="""Party Monster: The Shockumentary"" tells the story of the rise and fall of Michael Alig, a kid from Middle America who aspired to take the place of Andy Warhol. Michael quickly rose to become the biggest party promoter in New York and King of the so-called Club Kids. But after spiraling into drug addiction, Michael brutally murdered his roommate Angel Melendez."
Pauline à la plage=1983-02-23=Fifteen year old Pauline and her older cousin, model-shaped Marion, go to the emtying Atlantic coast for an autumn holiday . Marion ignores the approaches of a surfer and falls for Henri, a hedonist who is only interested in a sexual adventure and drops her soon. Pauline's little romance with a young man (Sylvain) is also spoiled by Henri.
Freddie as F.R.O.7.=1992-08-14=The story about a man-sized frog named Prince Frederic who is turned into a frog by his wicked aunt Messina and hired by British Intelligence to solve the mysterious disappearances of some of Britain's greatest monuments. Several hundred years later, Freddie is now living in modern day Paris -- a six-foot-tall amphibian with the moniker Secret Agent F.R.O.7. Messina, too, is still around causing mischief, joining forces with an arch-villain named El Supremo in a scheme to shrink Big Ben. Freddie, alerted to Messina's nefarious plans, gathers his fellow agents Daffers and Scottie together, planning to hide out in Big Ben and surprise the evil doers when they are set to strike at the much-loved British landmark.
From the Journals of Jean Seberg=1995-09-08=Mark Rappaport's creative bio-pic about actress Jean Seberg is presented in a first-person, autobiographical format (with Seberg played by Mary Beth Hurt). He seamlessly interweaves cinema, politics, American society and culture, and film theory to inform, entertain, and move the viewer. Seberg's many marriages, as well as her film roles, are discussed extensively. Her involvement with the Black Panther Movement and subsequent investigation by the FBI is covered. Notably, details of French New Wave cinema, Russian Expressionist (silent) films, and the careers of Jane Fonda, Vanessa Redgrave, and Clint Eastwood are also intensively examined. Much of the film is based on conjecture, but Rappaport encourages viewers to re-examine their ideas about women in film with this thought-provoking picture.
Mickey's Christmas Carol=1983-10-19=It is an adaptation of the Charles Dickens classic A Christmas Carol, featuring Scrooge McDuck as his namesake and inspiration Ebenezer Scrooge and Mickey Mouse as Bob Cratchit. This film was based on a 1972 audio musical entitled Disney's A Christmas Carol. It is a twenty-four minute animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions as an accompaniment to a re-release of The Rescuers.
Je vous salue, mafia!=1965-08-10=A couple of hit men (Henry Silva, Jack Klugman) set out to kill an old friend (Eddie Constantine).
The Money Pit=1986-03-15=After being evicted from their Manhattan apartment, a couple buys what looks like the home of their dreams – only to find themselves saddled with a bank-account-draining nightmare. Struggling to keep their relationship together as their rambling mansion falls to pieces around them, the two watch in hilarious horror as everything – including the kitchen sink – disappears into the 'Money Pit'.
Edward II=1991-09-03=In this Derek Jarman version of Christopher Marlowe's Elizabethan drama, in modern costumes and settings, Plantagenet king Edward II hands the power-craving nobility the perfect excuse by taking as lover besides his diplomatic wife, the French princess Isabel, not an acceptable lady at court but the ambitious Piers Gaveston, who uses his favor in bed even to wield political influence - the stage is set for a palace revolt which sends the gay pair from the throne to a terminal torture dungeon.
The Great Waldo Pepper=1975-03-13=A biplane pilot who had missed flying in WWI takes up barnstorming and later a movie career in his quest for the glory he had missed.
Centurion=2010-02-15=Britain, A.D. 117. Quintus Dias, the sole survivor of a Pictish raid on a Roman frontier fort, marches north with General Virilus' legendary Ninth Legion, under orders to wipe the Picts from the face of the Earth and destroy their leader, Gorlacon.
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot=2016-03-04=In 2002, cable news producer Kim Barker (Tina Fey) decides to shake up her routine by taking a daring new assignment in Kabul, Afghanistan. Dislodged from her comfortable American lifestyle, Barker finds herself in the middle of an out-of-control war zone. Luckily, she meets Tanya Vanderpoel (Margot Robbie), a fellow journalist who takes the shellshocked reporter under her wing. Amid the militants, warlords and nighttime partying, Barker discovers the key to becoming a successful correspondent.
"The Death of ""Superman Lives"": What Happened?"=2015-05-01="The Death of 'Superman Lives': What Happened? feature film documents the process of development of the ill fated ""Superman Lives"" movie, that was to be directed by Tim Burton and star Nicolas Cage as the man of steel himself, Superman. The project went through years of development before the plug was pulled, and this documentary interviews the major players: Kevin Smith, Tim Burton, Jon Peters, Dan Gilroy, Colleen Atwood, Lorenzo di Bonaventura and many many more."
La Baie des Anges=1963-03-01=A compulsive gambler who falls in love with a bank clerk (Claude Mann) on holiday in Nice. At first, the two lovers simply use each other as good luck charms; but what happens to love when luck runs out?
Haunted Echoes=2008-11-20=Laura (Sean Young) and Guy (David Starzyk) are devastated by grief when their 8-year-old daughter, Kimberly, is murdered. Hoping to repair their tattered marriage, they move to a quiet town to remodel an old mansion, but weird things start to happen in this eerie ghost story. Laura is convinced that they are being visited Kimberly's spirit, and Guy ultimately believes her, but is it really their daughter who is urging them to seek vengeance?
Ballast=2008-01-19=A single mother and her embattled son struggle to subsist in a small Mississippi Delta township. An act of violence thrusts them into the world of an emotionally devastated highway store owner, awakening the fury of a bitter and longstanding conflict.
Fur: An Imaginary Portrait of Diane Arbus=2006-08-30=In 1958 New York Diane Arbus is a housewife and mother who works as an assistant to her husband, a photographer employed by her wealthy parents. Respectable though her life is, she cannot help but feel uncomfortable in her privileged world. One night, a new neighbor catches Diane's eye, and the enigmatic man inspires her to set forth on the path to discovering her own artistry.
Nazty Nuisance=1943-08-06=Germany's Adolf Hitler, with his Axis-stooges, Italy's Mussolini and Japan's Suki Yama, although he tried to avoid taking them, is on his way, via submarine, to a tropical country to negotiate a treaty with the High Chief Paj Mab. However, an American P.T-boat crew is already there and have some plans for schickenbit-grubber and his buddies.
Dhol=2007-09-14=Sameer Arya, Martand Damdere, Pankaj Tiwari, and Gautam Sesodia are friends who live in a small town in India. Broke, accident-prone, and unable to pay rent to their landlady, they are basically slackers with Sameer and Gautam having no family, while Pankaj has been kicked out by his brother-in-law, and Martand has illicitly borrowed money from his maternal uncle, is unable to re-pay it and hence rendered homeless. The four find out that they can better their lifestyle by obtaining a bank loan - albeit in vain as they are unable to secure one. Then they decide to woo a rich girl, let one of them marry her, and live their life in comfort...
Mighty Joe Young=1998-12-25=As a child living in Africa, Jill Young saw her mother killed while protecting wild gorillas from poachers led by Andrei Strasser. Now an adult, Jill cares for an orphaned gorilla named Joe -- who, due to a genetic anomaly, is 15 feet tall. When Gregg O'Hara arrives from California and sees the animal, he convinces Jill that Joe would be safest at his wildlife refuge. But Strasser follows them to the U.S., intent on capturing Joe for himself.
The Mummy=1959-09-29=One by one the archaeologists who discover the 4,000-year-old tomb of Princess Ananka are brutally murdered. Kharis, high priest in Egypt 40 centuries ago, has been brought to life by the power of the ancient gods and his sole purpose is to destroy those responsible for the desecration of the sacred tomb. But Isobel, wife of one of the explorers, resembles the beautiful princess, forcing the speechless and tormented monster to defy commands and abduct Isobel to an unknown fate.
Barbie Diaries=2005-12-31="This movie stars Barbie as a teenage girl, trying to deal with crushes, rivals and friendship as she tries to achieve her dream of working as a news anchor for her school's TV station. She doesn't always make the right decisions, but she's a nice enough character and considerably less ""perfect"" than she is portrayed in her other films."
Harvey=1950-10-13=The classic stage hit gets the Hollywood treatment in the story of Elwood P. Dowd who makes friends with a spirit taking the form of a human-sized rabbit named Harvey that only he sees (and a few privileged others on occasion also.) After his sister tries to commit him to a mental institution, a comedy of errors ensues. Elwood and Harvey become the catalysts for a family mending its wounds and for romance blossoming in unexpected places.
Bakit Hindi Ka Crush Ng Crush Mo?=2013-08-14=An ugly ducking attempts to become desirable.
Kya Kehna=2000-05-18=A story about a girl named Priya (Preity Zinta) who is the apple of her parents' eyes. She defied the Indian culture when she got pregnant out of marriage by Saif Ali Khan
Le tango des Rashevski=2003-09-03=Adolphe 'Dolfo' Rashevski travels to Israel with grandson Ric, but his brother, orthodox rabbi Samuel 'Shmouel, refuses to come attend their fellow Auschwitz survivor sister Rosa's funeral. Back in their home, the whole well-integrated family and their 'gojim' (non-Jewish and would-be) partners regularly wrestle with the meaning of Jewish blood, traditions and religion. For one it seems the way to gain a wife, for others the bomb under or the obstacle for a marriage. Yet love tends to conquer all but death.
Sebastian Maniscalco: What's Wrong with People?=2012-01-05="""What's Wrong with People?"" asks Sebastian Maniscalco, as he hilariously tries to bridge the Italian-American Old World he grew up in with the contemporary frenetic world we all live in today."
A Touch of Larceny=1959-12-11=After falling in love with an American woman, Virginia Killain, who is engaged to another man, British Naval Commander Max Easton, hatches a plan that will get him enough money to support Virginia in the lifestyle she is accustomed to. Easton's plan is to disappear for a time making it seem that he has defected to the Soviets taking important Naval secrets from his job at the Admiralty and to return and sue the newspapers for slander. Not everything goes as planned for Commander Easton.
Vai Que Cola - O Filme=2015-10-01=Valdomiro gets involved in yet another scheme, this time involving the same people that tricked him into losing everything - and he brings everyone from Ms. Jô's hostel along.
Girlhood=2003-10-13=Documentary chronicling America's justice system. Follows two female inmates - victims of horrific violence and tragedy - who are serving time in a Maryland juvenile detention center.
Ginger=1971-03-01=The police suspect that a drug and forced-prostitution ring is behind the recent spate of kidnappings and disappearances, but so far they've been unable to infiltrate the suspects gang. To break the case, they recruit Ginger, a young woman from an upper-class family to act as bait for the kidnappers and hopefully lead the police to their hideout. It may sound like a foolproof plan to the police, but Ginger's the one who has to risk it all.
Slumber Party Massacre II=1987-10-30=Courtney, the sister of a survivor from the 1st movie and the members of her rock band go to a condo for the weekend to play music and have fun with their boyfriends. Courtney's dreams are of her sister, who is in a mental institution, warning her of having sex, and the dreams begin to spill into real life, threatening Courtney and her friends as they begin experiencing an attrition problem.
Murder at 1600=1997-04-18=A secretary is found dead in a White House bathroom during an international crisis, and Detective Harlan Regis is in charge of the investigation. Despite resistance from the Secret Service, Regis partners with agent Nina Chance. As political tensions rise, they learn that the crime could be part of an elaborate cover-up. Framed as traitors, the pair, plus Regis' partner, break into the White House in order to expose the true culprit.
The Magic Christian=1969-12-12=Sir Guy Grand, the richest man in the world, adopts a homeless boy, Youngman. Together, they set out to prove that anyone--and anything--can be bought with money.
I'm No Angel=1933-10-06=The bold Tira works as dancing beauty and lion tamer at a fair. Out of an urgent need of money, she agrees to a risky new number: she'll put her head into a lion's muzzle! With this attraction the circus makes it to New York and Tira can persue her dearest occupation: flirting with rich men and accepting expensive presents.
Chandler=1971-12-01=A private eye (Warren Oates) is hired to follow a mobster's former mistress (Leslie Caron).
Seoul Searching=2015-01-30=Seoul Searching is a comedy set in the ’80s about a group of foreign-born Korean teenagers who meet at a Seoul summer camp to learn what it means to be Korean. The three boys, from the U.S., Mexico, and Germany, then meet three girls who rock their world.
Sur mes lèvres=2001-10-17=She is almost deaf and she lip-reads. He is an ex-convict. She wants to help him. He thinks no one can help except himself.
The Living=2014-06-26=After an alcohol induced blacked-out night of drinking, Teddy discovers he has severely beaten his wife, Molly. As he attempts to redeem himself to her she must decide whether or not she will take him back as her mother, Angela, continuously expresses her disapproval, all the while her brother, Gordon, falls in way over his head as he tries to hire an ex-con, Howard, to kill Teddy.
Harper=1966-02-23=Harper is a cynical private eye in the best tradition of Bogart. He even has Bogie's Baby hiring him to find her missing husband, getting involved along the way with an assortment of unsavory characters and an illegal-alien smuggling ring.
Dragons: Gift of the Night Fury=2011-11-15=The Viking town of Berk, now enjoying its new alliance with the dragons, is preparing for its annual winter holiday of Snoggletog. However, that spirit is threatened when all the dragons, except Toothless who needs Hiccup to help him, suddenly fly away for some reason. While Astrid ineffectually tries to salvage the occasion, Hiccup decides to build Toothless a new prosthetic to allow him to fly independently, only to have the dragon take off as well. However, as the holiday approaches, Hiccup finds himself swept up to learn the dragons' secret the hard way and to find a solution to bring them home early.
Blow-Up=1966-12-18=A successful mod photographer in London whose world is bounded by fashion, pop music, marijuana, and easy sex, feels his life is boring and despairing. But in the course of a single day he accidentally captures on film the commission of a murder. The fact that he has photographed a murder does not occur to him until he studies and then blows up his negatives, uncovering details, blowing up smaller and smaller elements, and finally putting the puzzle together.
悲愁物語=1977-01-01=A model (Yoko Shiraki) must cope with the stress of fame after a marketing executive (Yoshio Harada) transforms her into a sports celebrity.
Behind Locked Doors=1948-09-13=Behind the locked doors of a mental institution resides crooked politico Judge Drake (Herbert Heyes), free from prosecution so long as he pretends to be crazy. To get the goods on Drake, private detective Ross Stewart has himself committed to the asylum as a patient. Meanwhile, reporter Kathy Lawrence (Lucille Bremer), posing as Stewart's wife, acts as his liaison to the outside world.
Kôiki bôryoku: ryuuketsu no shima=1969-07-26="A once-powerful yakuza clan disbands as a result of a police crackdown, but one small group refuses to bow to police pressure, and launches a campaign to take over Tokyo's drug, prostitution, and gambling rackets. Someone wants to stop them. Is it the police? Rival gang members? Or is it an entirely new group of hired killers who will stop at nothing to gain complete control of Tokyo's ""bloody territories""?"
Eros=2004-09-09=A three-part anthology film about love and sexuality: a menage-a-trois between a couple and a young woman on the coast of Tuscany; an advertising executive under enormous pressure at work, who, during visits to his psychiatrist, is pulled to delve into the possible reasons why his stress seems to manifest itself in a recurring erotic dream; and a story of unrequited love about a beautiful, 1960s high-end call girl in an impossible affair with her young tailor.
Las ovejas no pierden el tren=2015-01-30=A rural couple in crisis, who have a brother and sister with urban problems, and all of them trying to find a solution.
The Warriors=1979-02-08=Prominent gang leader Cyrus calls a meeting of New York's gangs to set aside their turf wars and take over the city. At the meeting, a rival leader kills Cyrus, but a Coney Island gang called the Warriors is wrongly blamed for Cyrus' death. Before you know it, the cops and every gangbanger in town is hot on the Warriors' trail.
Tea and Sympathy=1956-06-06="Tom Lee is a sensitive boy of 17 whose lack of interest in the ""manly"" pursuits of sports, mountain climbing and girls labels him ""sister-boy"" at the college he is attending. Head master Bill Reynolds' wife Laura sees Tom's suffering at the hands of his school mates (and her husband), and tries to help him find himself."
Everything Relative=1996-09-13=Old college chums get together for a weekend reunion that is bound to open old wounds and perhaps heal them. New romances find a spark while old ones rekindle.
Flower Shop Mystery: Mum's the Word=2016-01-17=Abby Knight (Brooke Shields), a former lawyer turned proud flower shop owner is starting over after the death of her husband with the support from her father (Beau Bridges), a new business and her daughter off to college. Life is good in the peaceful town of New Chapel but when a black SUV rams her prized vintage car, she’s determined to track down the driver. She begrudgingly accepts the help of a new neighbor, the handsome and charming ex-Marine Marco Salvare (Brennan Elliott) who just bought the bar down the street.  But their budding relationship is threatened when an acquaintance is murdered and Abby’s good friend is the prime suspect and it all links back to the hit and run.  Caught up in a tangle of menacing phone calls, police corruption and murderous road rage, Abby must work against the clock to find the killer or the next flower arrangement might be for her own funeral.
The Ledge=2011-05-06=A thriller in which a battle of philosophies between a fundamentalist Christian and an atheist escalates into a lethal battle of wills.
Scemo di guerra=1985-08-14=Story about a doctor in a Libyan military hospital who is mad, but no-one wants to declare him unfit, and he becomes the captain of a fighting unit. Through him the Germans risk losing a truce with the British, and therefore kill him and give him a hero's funeral.
Kara=2012-05-08=Kara is an emotional story about an Android that is self conscious.
Ur kärlekens språk=1969-10-02=A modern advanced film about sexual education and behaviour based on the clinical research made by famous American and Swedish doctors. The film centres around a panel; Inge and Sten Hegeler, Maj-Brith Bergstroem-Walan and Sture Cullhed, all well known, reputable experts, who have devoted their scientific studies to the various fields of sexual life. The film deals with all kinds of problems connected with the sexual relationship of people. The panel also discusses the role of sex in society, the question of prejudices and taboos, sex in clothes, sex in art, etc. etc.  Note that this is the film Travis Bickle takes Betsy to in Taxi Driver.
戀愛行星=2002-03-28=Is the story of a man, Fung, in his early twenties living his life as a mail-man during the day and a janitor at night. One day, through fate and destiny, he manages to meet a beautiful girl, Jane, on a subway train while delivering a package. From this moment on his life will change forever.
I Was a Shoplifter=1950-05-13=A police detective uses any means possible to trap a gang of shoplifters.
Way Down East=1920-09-03=A naive country girl is tricked into a sham marriage by a wealthy womanizer, then must rebuild her life despite the taint of having borne a child out of wedlock.
Turn the Beat Around=2010-02-26=An idealist young dancer named Zoe (Romina D’Ugo) tackles the difficult issue of resurrecting disco dancing in today’s music business. She meets hostility beyond resistance on every dance floor where she spins and twirls. Fortunately, she has at least one ally, a nightclub owner and visionary named Michael (David Guintoli) who shares her zeal for the long-ago dance craze. With money to burn, Michael arranges for Zoe to test market bringing back disco, even with rival choreographers like Malika (Brooklyn Sudano). Soon dance takes a two-step in the wrong direction when hard-hearted Malika and Michael start vying to become Zoe’s dance partner.
Le jumeau=1984-10-10=Matthias Duval is in love, but he can't choose between the two twin sisters Betty and Liz Kerner. To pick up the two sisters, he invents his own twin brother and will play both characters.
Space Raiders=1983-07-01=A futuristic, sensitive tale of adventure and confrontation when a 10 year old boy is accidentally kidnapped by a spaceship filled with a motley crew of space pirates.
Deepsea Challenge 3D=2014-08-08="Described as being a film about determination, danger and the ocean’s greatest depths, James Cameron's ""Deepsea Challenge 3D"" tells the story of Cameron’s journey to fulfill his boyhood dream of becoming an explorer. The movie offers a unique insight into Cameron's world as he makes that dream reality – and makes history – by becoming the first person to travel solo to the deepest point on the planet."
The Crawling Hand=1963-09-04=After an astronaut space capsule is detonated in orbit, a teenager finds a severed arm among wreckage on earth. Soon the thing returns to life to murder and posses the young man's mind.
The Virgin Queen=1955-07-22=Sir Walter Raleigh overcomes court intrigue to win favor with the Queen in order to get financing for a proposed voyage to the New World.
The Flying Machine=2011-02-12=A family takes a journey across the globe on a strange and amazing flying machine, experiencing a series of adventures along the way.
倚天屠龍記之魔教教主=1993-12-18=A wild and rollicking martial arts fantasy extravaganza that features prized swords and swordsmen, a crazy monk attached to a rolling boulder, serious clan and cult rivalries, and lots of magic and flying.
Madame Satã=2002-01-01=A story inspired by the life of one of the most remarkable figures in Brazilian popular culture, João Francisco dos Santos (1900-1976). In turn, bandit, transvestite, street fighter, brothel cook, convict and father to seven adopted children, dos Santos – better known as Madame Satã – was also a notorious gay performer who pushed social boundaries in a volatile time.
The Last White Knight=2012-09-11="Filmmaker Paul Saltzman (Prom Night in Mississippi) presents the world premiere of his latest work. A former Civil Rights worker and 1960s activist, Saltzman returns to Mississippi to encounter the man who once assaulted him — Byron ""Delay"" De La Beckwith, a KKK member and the son of the man convicted of murdering Medgar Evers — in this affecting documentary about racism, the South and the possibility of reconciliation. (TIFF)"
Dos Crímenes=1995-05-26=Greed and playing into the hand of providence provides the focus of this Mexican comedy adapted from a novel by Jorge Ibarguengoitia. Marcos, an architect, has just returned to the home of his wealthy uncle Ramon after squandering his money in Mexico City and subsequently finding himself falsely accused of a crime. Although he is flat-broke, he conceals this from Ramon, telling him that he has returned home to buy a local gold mine. Marcos finds the lies come easily as begins trying to induce his uncle to fund his endeavor. Irascible Ramon, who likes Marcos for his similar love of drinking and smoking is duped, but Ramon's sons are not fooled by Marcos. To them he is a threat, and they fear he will be placed in the will. Soon all of them are trying to out-manipulate each other. Even Ramon, who is not as innocent as he appears is involved in the mayhem.
Little Monsters=2012-01-02=James and Carl were only 10 years old when they kidnapped and murdered 3 year old David McClendon. They were caught, tried, convicted and placed in separate juvenile facilities. At 18-years old, both are given new names and released back into society - much to the horror of the nation. They can have no contact with each other or with their past friends or relatives. The story follows the lives of these two boys as they try to start over, escape the past and survive the growing outcry following their release.
Forever, Darling=1956-02-09=Susan and Lorenzo have been married for over five years and they are starting to drift apart. So into her life comes an angel, which only Susan can see, to tell her that there will be trouble ahead if they do not work out their problems. Lorenzo is developing insecticide #383 at Finlay Vega Chemical Co. and plans to test it on a camping trip that he takes with Susan, but the trip becomes a an obstacle course for him.
The Machinist=2004-02-09=The Machinist is the story of Trevor Reznik, a lathe-operator who is dying of insomnia. In a machine shop, occupational hazards are bad enough under normal circumstances; yet for Trevor the risks are compounded by fatigue. Trevor has lost the ability to sleep. This is no ordinary insomnia...
The Blood on Satan's Claw=1971-01-01=The accidental unearthing of Satan’s earthly remains causes the children of 17th-century English village to slowly convert into a coven of devil worshipers.
Bill Maher: '...But I'm Not Wrong'=2010-02-18="In front of a live audience at the Raleigh Memorial Auditorium at the Progress Energy Center for the Performing Arts in Raleigh, North Carolina, the Emmy-nominated host of Real Time with Bill Maher performs an all-new hour of stand-up comedy.  Among the topics Bill discusses in his ninth HBO solo special are: Whether the ""Great Recession"" is really over; the fake patriotism of the right wing; what goes on in the mind of a terrorist; why Obama needs a posse instead of the secret service; the drug war; Michael Jackson; getting out of Iraq and Afghanistan; racism; the Teabagger movement; religion; the health-care fight; why Gov. Mark Sanford will come out looking good, and how silly it is to ask ""Why do men cheat?""; and why comedy most definitely didn't die when George Bush left office."
Usatyy Nyan=1977-06-06=Young man Kesha starts working in the Kindergarten.
Kiss or Kill=1997-04-23=Two lovers, Nikki and Al, have a scam in which Nikki allows herself to be picked up by older men, drugs them, and, with Al's help, robs them. After accidentally killing one of her victims with an overdose, Nikki and Al are on the run.
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist=2008-10-03=Nick cannot stop obsessing over his ex-girlfriend, Tris, until Tris' friend Norah suddenly shows interest in him at a club. Thus beings an odd night filled with ups and downs as the two keep running into Tris and her new boyfriend while searching for Norah's drunken friend, Caroline, with help from Nick's band mates. As the night winds down, the two have to figure out what they want from each other.
暗戰 2=2001-12-27=Ho Sheung Sang finds himself wrapped up in another cat-and-mouse game, this time against a tricky magician.
Kang rinpoche=2015-09-10="PATHS OF THE SOUL follows a group of Tibetan villagers who leave their families and homes to make a ""bowing pilgrimage"" — laying their bodies flat on the ground after every few steps — along the 2,000-kilometre road to Lhasa. Though equally devoted to the trip, they all have different reasons: one traveller needs to cleanse bad family karma; another, a butcher, wants to wash the animals' bloodstains from his soul; and another pilgrim, sensing the end is near, hopes that prayers and prostrations will break the chain of cause and effect determined by his life's actions. During their months on the road, a baby is born, they meet fellow travellers, and their resolve is put to the test by harsh snowstorms and physical fatigue. But no hardship can deter them from their ultimate goal — not even the threat of death, a very real danger in this high altitude where a common cold can take one's life."
The Van=1996-05-11="Set in ""Barrytown"", a fictitious working-class quarter of Dublin. ""Bimbo"" Reeves gets laid off from his job. With his redundancy, he buys a van and sells fish and chips with his buddy Larry. Due to Ireland's surprising success at the 1990 FIFA World Cup, their business starts off well, but the relationship between the two friends soon becomes strained as Bimbo behaves more like a typical boss."
A Season on the Brink=2002-03-10="""A Season on the Brink: A Year with Bob Knight and the Indiana Hoosiers"" is based on the best-selling book by John Feinstein. The movie chronicles Indiana's 1985-86 season, when Knight granted Feinstein unprecedented access to the team and its practices, meetings, and huddles."
Vượt Sóng=2006-02-22=Thirteen years after the end of the Vietnam War, a family who was tragically affected by the war are forced to emigrate to America.
Toni=1935-02-22=In the 1920s, the Provence is a magnet for immigrants seeking work in the quarries or in the agriculture. Many mingle with locals and settle down permanently - like Toni, an Italian who has moved in with Marie, a Frenchwoman. Even a well-ordered existence is not immune from boredom, friendship, love, or enmity, and Toni gets entangled in a web of increasingly passionate relationships. For there is his best pal Fernand, but also Albert, his overbearing foreman; there is Sebastian, a steady Spanish peasant, but also Gabi, his young rogue relative; there is Marie, but there is also Josefa.
アフタースクール=2008-05-24=A heady brain teaser of a film with unexpected twists and turns, After School reels the audience in with wry humor, quirky characters, and a puzzling mystery. Character actors Oizumi Yo (Gegege no Kitaro), Sasaki Kuranosuke (Bokutachi to Chuzai-san no 700 Nichi Sensou), and Sakai Masato (The Wall Man) headline this laidback yet cerebral caper comedy, along with an always welcome appearance from beauty Tokiwa Takako (20th Century Boys). Seedy private eye Kitazawa (Sasaki Kuranosuke) shows up at gym teacher Jinno's (Oizumi Yo) school with a picture of Kimura (Sakai Masato), Jinno's longtime buddy who has gone missing. Reluctantly joining the puzzling manhunt of myriad twists and turns, Jinno realizes that he doesn't know his friend as well as he thought after some strange brushes with Kimura's boss, a yakuza boss, and a club hostess.
Fjällbackamorden 02 - Havet ger, Havet tar=2013-09-22="When Erica finds Fjällbacka's photographer Stigge murdered in his studio, she can't help but take interest in the investigation regarding his death. Patrik and his colleagues at the Fjällbacka police soon starts to question whether or not Stigge was the sweet old man he seemed to be. Erica is already ahead of them - since her mother-in-law Kristina has confided in her that she is one among many in the neighborhood that Stigge blackmailed... In ""The sea gives, the sea takes"" we go back to the 1960s to tell the story of how true love corrupted young Stigge and made him cover up a murder with the purpose to win the love of his life."
Please Remove Your Shoes=2010-07-01=A documentary about the US government's broken promise to keep our airlines secure, and the personal stories of a few people who know the truth - congressmen, air marshals, aviation security employees. It will make you angry and flying in an airplane may never be the same again.
Old Acquaintance=1943-11-28=Old friends Kit Marlowe and Millie Drake adopt contrasting lifestyles: Kit is a single, critically acclaimed author while married Millie writes popular pulp novels.
Gabriel Over the White House=1933-03-31=A political hack becomes President during the height of the Depression and undergoes a metamorphosis into an incorruptible statesman after a near-fatal accident.
True Blue=1996-11-15=The story of the year the Oxford and Cambridge boat race changed from a gentleman's race to one where winning was everything.
Rabin, the Last Day=2015-11-04=Itzhak Rabin's murder ended all efforts of peace, and with him the whole left wing of Israel died. The movie shows the last of his days as prime minister, and what led to his murder.
近松物語=1954-11-23=In 17th century Kyoto, Osan is married to Ishun, a wealthy miserly scroll-maker. When Osan is falsely accused of having an affair with the best worker, Mohei, the pair flee the city and declare their love for each other. Ishun orders his men to find them, and separate them to avoid public humiliation.
Tout ce qui Brille=2010-03-24=Ely and Lila are like sisters. They know each other since childhood,they share everything and dream of a better life.they live in the same suburb, 10mn from Paris. Today,Ely and Lila dont want to be 10mn away from their life anymore.from small troubles to big lies, they will do everything to penetrate a world which is not theirs, a world where everything is possible or so they think.....
Lockdown=2000-09-15=Avery (Jones) returns to college as a competitive swimmer after getting his life back on track. But his life takes another unexpected turn when he and his two friends (Bonds, Casseus) are wrongly accused of murder and end up in prison.
Twisted Nerve=1968-10-15=Hywel Bennett stars as Martin Durnley, a rich but damaged Oxford University drop-out with a hatred of his banker stepfather, played by Frank Finlay. His mum babies the boy, a consequence of Martin's elder brother, a Down Syndrome sufferer (or 'Mongoloid' - or even 'mentally backward' as they say here), being in full-time care, and the doctors having warned Martin's parents not to have any more children - just to be on the safe side. Too late: troubled mummy's boy Martin, with his cuddly toys and penchant for smashing his own reflection, appears to have proved the doctors misgivings.
Hush=1998-03-06=Jackson and Helen are in love and about to have their first child when they move in with Jackson's mother, Martha, in order to take care of the family estate. But all is not well in this household. Martha is jealous of her son's affection for Helen, and, despite her Southern smile, she's starting to act strangely. As Helen tries to create a happy home life, Martha attempts to divide the family so that Jackson will become hers alone.
Операция «Ы» и другие приключения Шурика=1965-07-23="The film consists of three independent parts: ""Workmate"", ""Déjà vu"" and ""Operation Y"". The plot follows the adventures of Shurik (alternative spelling — Shourick), the naive and nerdy Soviet student who often gets into ludicrous situations but always finds a way out very neatly.  ""Operation Y and Shurik's Other Adventures"" was a hit movie and became the leader of Soviet film distribution in 1965."
The Game of Their Lives=2005-01-01=Based on a true story, this film tells the tale of the 1950 US soccer team who, against all odds, beat England 1 - 0 in the city of Belo Horizonte, Brazil. Although no US team has yet won a World Cup title, this story is about the family traditions and passions which shaped the lives of the players who made up this team of underdogs.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas=2000-11-17=Inside a snowflake exists the magical land of Whoville. In Whoville, live the Whos, an almost mutated sort of Munchkin-like people. All the Whos love Christmas, yet just outside of their beloved Whoville lives the Grinch. The Grinch is a nasty creature that hates Christmas, and plots to steal it away from the Whos, whom he equally abhors. Yet a small child, Cindy Lou Who, decides to try befriending the Grinch.
Fade to Black=1980-10-14=Eric Binford watches a lot of movies. He is the truest definition of a film geek. One day, his sanity takes a turn for the worse and he begins acting out his favorite scenes from the movies. In doing so, he manages to involve his enemies and the scenes usually result in death.
RoboCroc=2013-09-14=When a top-secret unmanned spacecraft disintegrates on re-entry, its mysterious military payload crash-lands in the crocodile habitat of a place called Adventure Land, a combination water park, amusement land, and world-famous crocodile exhibit. Following its pre-programmed instructions, the payload—a next-generation nanotech-based combat drone—finds a host in the form of the park’s prize twenty-foot Australian Saltwater crocodile, Stella. She is the largest saltwater croc in captivity. Immediately upon infecting its host, the drone payload’s nanobots begin to transform Stella from an organic living creature into a lethal killing machine with only a single directive: survival!
Yamim Kfuim=2005-01-01=Meow is a young woman roaming the streets and nightclubs of Tel Aviv. She lives in empty apartments and surfs the internet chat rooms. She decides to meet Alex, her chat buddy. They plan to meet in a nightclub but a suicide bombing prevents their meeting. She survives the attack and after she finds Alex in the hospital, in a coma, she moves into his empty apartment. Gradually, the tenants start referring to her as Alex, and as she assumes his identity, she finds herself sinking into a dangerous and deluded reality.
To Save A Life=2009-11-05=Jake Taylor has everything. He has a beautiful girl, he's the champion in basketball and beer pong, and everyone loves him. Then, an old childhood friend, whom Jake used to be friends with, commits suicide. Jake begins to think. He wonders what he could've done to save his friend's life. A youth minister tells him that Jake needs God. So Jake becomes a Christian. However, things begin to spin out of control. His dad is cheating on his mom, his girlfriend is pregnant, and his former friends ridicule and mock him. During all this, Jake is going to realize just what it means to be a Christian and how, to save a life.
I, Frankenstein=2014-01-22=200 years after his shocking creation, Dr. Frankenstein's creature, Adam, still walks the earth. But when he finds himself in the middle of a war over the fate of humanity, Adam discovers he holds the key that could destroy humankind.
Possession=1981-05-27=A young woman left her family for an unspecified reason. The husband determines to find out the truth and starts following his wife. At first, he suspects that a man is involved. But gradually, he finds out more and more strange behaviors and bizarre incidents that indicate something more than a possessed love affair.
Saattokeikka=2017-03-10=Lasse is an old racist who has lives in an apartment block filled with a selection of refugees and immigrants. Kamal is a 16-year old boy who's fed up in his life in Finland, and dreams of moving to Nairobi to live with his father. Only problem is that he doesn't have the money to buy the ticket.
Last Vegas=2013-10-31=Three sixty-something friends take a break from their day-to-day lives to throw a bachelor party in Las Vegas for their last remaining single pal.
Rester vertical=2016-08-24=Screenwriter Leo is searching for the wolf in the south of France. During a scouting excursion he is seduced by Marie, a free-spirited and dynamic shepherdess. Nine months later she gives birth to their child. Suffering from post-natal depression and with no faith in Leo, who comes and goes without warning, Marie abandons both of them. Leo finds himself alone, with a baby to care for.
Vigil in the Night=1940-02-05=Nurse Anne Lee blames herself for a fatal mistake of her sister Lucy, who also is a nurse. Anne loses her job, and gets a new one at a poorly equipped country hospital. There she falls in love with Dr. Prescott, who is battling with Mr. Bowly, the chairman of the local hospital board, who also makes Anne's life miserable. But then a virulent epidemic begins...
Mugabe and the White African=2009-08-07=Short-listed as one of the 15 best documentaries of the year, Mugabe And The White African is the story of one family's astonishing bravery as they fight to protect their property, their livelihood and their country. Mike Campbell is one of the few white farmers left in Zimbabwe since its leader, Robert Mugabe, enacted his disastrous land redistribution program. Once the breadbasket of Africa, Zimbabwe has since spiraled into chaos, the economy decimated as farms given to Mugabe cronies are run into ruin. After enduring years of intimidation and threats, Campbell decides to take action. Unable to call upon help from his country's authorities, he challenges Mugabe before an international court.
Nacida para ganar=2016-05-06="Encarna, a thirtysomething girl of Móstoles (Madrid) is trapped in a life without changes, at the side of her lifelong boyfriend and with a job absent of incentives. Stigmatized by the famous Spanish sketch of the ""Empanadillas de Móstoles"", Encarna looks for a way to escape her boring life."
Premonition=2007-02-08=A depressed housewife who learns her husband was killed in a car accident the day previously, awakens the next morning to find him alive and well at home, and then awakens the day after to a world in which he is still dead.
A Place of One's Own=1945-05-28=An elderly couple move into an old, supposedly haunted abandoned house. A young girl comes to live with the pair as a companion for the wife. However, soon the girl is possessed by the spirit of another girl, a wealthy woman who had once lived in the house but who had been murdered there.
The Battle of Chernobyl=2006-05-05="THE BATTLE OF CHERNOBYL dramatically chronicles the series of harrowing efforts to stop the nuclear chain reaction and prevent a second explosion, to ""liquidate"" the radioactivity, and to seal off the ruined reactor under a mammoth ""sarcophagus."" These nerve-racking events are recounted through newly available films, videos and photos taken in and around the plant, computer animation, and interviews with participants and eyewitnesses, many of whom were exposed to radiation, including government and military leaders, scientists, workers, journalists, doctors, and Pripyat refugees."
Cymbeline=2014-09-03=War erupts between dirty cops and outlaw bikers as a drug kingpin (Ed Harris) tries to protect his empire.
Le septième ciel=1997-12-17=A bored, sexually frustrated woman's life improves when she begins hypnotherapy and tries feng shui, but her husband's life unravels.
Шпион=2012-04-05=Spring 1941. Center of Moscow. Duel of the two intelligence services turns more and more tense.
Rest Stop: Don't Look Back=2008-09-30=One year after running away from home, Nicole and Jesse are still missing. When Jesse's brother, Tom, returns home from active duty, he sets out with his friends Marilyn and Jared to locate the lost couple. Their search leads them to the stretch of old highway with a mysterious Rest Stop, where they find themselves in the same predicament as Nicole and Jesse: confronting a madman.
Three Little Words=1950-07-12=Song-and-dance man Bert Kalmar can't continue his stage career after an injury for while, so he has to earn his money as a lyricst. Per chance he meets composer Harry Ruby and their first song is a hit. Ruby gets Kalmar to marry is former partner Jessie Brown, and Kalmar and Jessie prevent Ruby from getting married to the wrong girls. But due to the fact, that Ruby has caused a backer's withdrawal for a Kalmar play, they end their relation.
Every Secret Thing=2014-04-20=One clear summer day in a Baltimore suburb, a baby goes missing from her front porch. Two young girls serve seven years for the crime and are released into a town that hasn't fully forgiven or forgotten. Soon, another child is missing, and two detectives are called in to investigate the mystery in a community where everyone seems to have a secret.
Jack & Diane=2012-11-02=Jack and Diane, two teenage girls, meet in New York City and spend the night kissing ferociously. Diane's charming innocence quickly begins to open Jack's tough skinned heart. But, when Jack discovers that Diane is leaving the country in a week she tries to push her away. Diane must struggle to keep their love alive while hiding the secret that her newly awakened sexual desire is giving her werewolf-like visions.
Histoire de Marie et Julien=2003-09-10=Julien lives alone with his cat. He dreams of Marie, and a few minutes later, he sees her on the street and makes a date. He asks her to move in with him, and she does. Her boyfriend is dead, the rest of her past a mystery. Although they quickly seem to fall in love, she sometimes pulls away suddenly from Julien, is distant, and spends the night in a hotel. She also dreads something imminent and warns Julien that if he missteps, he will lose her and all memory of her. Julien responds by digging into her past: what explains her remodeling an upstairs garret room, her nightly dreams, her fears? What can Julien, now desperately in love, do when he learns why? Can either rescue the other?
La tête d'un homme=1933-02-18=Willy Ferriere is dead broke and his mistress costs a lot. One day, he says in a pub that he would give 100,000 francs to get rid of his wealthy aunt. Someone lets him know it's a deal. The aunt is murdered, and a poor chap is manipulated to be the perfect suspect. But Superintendant Maigret feels something is wrong.
Dodge City=1939-03-31=Michael Curtiz's epic Western stars Errol Flynn as Wade Hatton, a wagon master turned sheriff who tames a cow town at the end of a railroad line.
Locusts: The 8th Plague=2005-11-12=A group of scientists try to stop a swarm of flesh-eating locusts that escape from a top secret government lab in the USA Midwest.
Bratz=2007-08-03=The popular Bratz dolls come to life in their first live-action feature film. Finding themselves being pulled further and further apart, the fashionable four band together to fight peer pressure, learn what it means to stand up for your friends, be true to oneself and live out your dreams.
Hester Street=1975-10-19=Steven Keats plays a Russian emigre who prides himself on the way he's molded himself into a real Yankee in the USA, though the world he lives in, New York's Lower East Side in the late 19th century, is almost exclusively populated by other Jewish immigrants. When his wife (Carol Kane) finally arrives in the New World, however, she has a lot of assimilating to do. This causes the tension which drives the movie along, though it maintains a fairly light atmosphere most of the time.
摇啊摇，摇到外婆桥=1995-04-30=A provincial boy related to a Shanghai crime family is recruited by his uncle into cosmopolitan Shanghai in the 1930s to be a servant to a ganglord's mistress.
Captain Newman, M.D.=1963-12-25=In 1944, Capt. Josiah J. Newman is the doctor in charge of Ward 7, the neuropsychiatric ward, at an Army Air Corps hospital in Arizona. The hospital is under-resourced and Newman scrounges what he needs with the help of his inventive staff, especially Cpl. Jake Leibowitz. The military in general is only just coming to accept psychiatric disorders as legitimate and Newman generally has 6 weeks to cure them or send them on to another facility. There are many patients in the ward and his latest include Colonel Norville Bliss who has dissociated from his past; Capt. Paul Winston who is nearly catatonic after spending 13 months hiding in a cellar behind enemy lines; and 20 year-old Cpl. Jim Tompkins who is severely traumatized after his aircraft was shot down. Others come and go, including Italian prisoners of war, but Newman and team all realize that their success means the men will return to their units.
Nousukausi=2003-02-28=Katri and Janne want to make a trip, which none of their friends have made. They end up in Jakomäki.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl=2015-06-12=Greg is coasting through senior year of high school as anonymously as possible, avoiding social interactions like the plague while secretly making spirited, bizarre films with Earl, his only friend. But both his anonymity and friendship threaten to unravel when his mother forces him to befriend a classmate with leukemia.
Hole=2014-08-14=A disabled man yearns for intimacy in a world that would rather ignore him.
Tension=1949-11-23=A drugstore manager, Warren Quimby (Basehart), is married to sexy, man-hungry Claire (Totter). She leaves him for another man, Barney (Gough). Quimby decides to murder the man. He devises a complex plan, which involves assuming a new identity, to make it look like someone else murdered Claire's new boyfriend.
Election Day=2007-03-10=Forget the pie charts, color-coded maps and hyperventilating pundits. What's the street-level experience of voters in today's America? In a triumph of documentary storytelling, ELECTION DAY combines eleven stories--all shot simultaneously on November 2, 2004, from dawn until long past midnight--into one. Factory workers, ex-felons, harried moms, Native American activists and diligent poll watchers, from South Dakota to Florida, take the process of democracy into their own hands. The result: an entertaining, inspiring and sometimes unsettling tapestry of citizens determined on one fateful day to make their votes count.
Fathers and Daughters=2015-10-01=A Pulitzer-winning writer grapples with being a widower and father after a mental breakdown, while, 27 years later, his grown daughter struggles to forge connections of her own.
Mel Brooks: Live at the Geffen=2015-01-31=Mel Brooks is one of the funniest voices in American comedy. Now, the entertainment legend dons a tux and takes the stage for a memorable one-man show filled with jokes, songs and hilarious anecdotes.
Tap=1989-02-12=Max Washington has just been released from prison after serving time for burglary. He returns to his old hangout, a hoofer club. His old girl friend, Amy, who still works at the club as a Tap instructor, is less than thrilled to see him. Her father, Little Mo, is happy to see him, because he has plans for a show involving Max. In addition, Max's old partners in crime have another job for him.
I Am the Law=1938-08-25=With the aid of his former law students, a professor-turned-prosecutor battles corruption and organized crime.
My Italian Secret: The Forgotten Heroes=2014-10-12=MY ITALIAN SECRET tells a heroic story that was all but lost to history, until now. The film recounts how WWII bicycling idol Gino Bartali, physician Giovanni Borromeo and other Italians worked with Jewish leaders and high-ranking officials of the Catholic Church, risking their lives by defying the Nazis to save thousands of Italy’s Jews.
Lulu femme nue=2013-09-28=After a job interview gone wrong, Lulu sets sail leaving her husband and three children behind. But being an adventurer is easier said than done.
The Whispering Chorus=1918-03-28=John Trimble has embezzled and obtains another identity by having a mutilated body buried in his place. He is later arrested for murdering himself. During the trial his mother, before dying from shock, asks him to keep his identity secret since his wife is now married to the Governor and expecting a child.
گشت ارشاد=2012-10-01=Not Available
Special Correspondents=2016-04-22=A radio journalist and his technician get in over their heads when they hatch a scheme to fake their own kidnapping during a rebel uprising in South America and hide out in New York instead.
Big Bad Wolf=2006-10-25=In Cameron, a group of hunters is attacked by a wild animal, and Charlie Cowley survives, but sees his brother Scott dying. Seven years later, his teenage nephew Derek Cowley steals the key of his stepfather's cabin in the isolated Fire Road 13, and travels with four classmates and his friend Sam to spend the weekend having a party with booze and sex. However, they are attacked by a Beast that kills his friends in a sadistic way. Sam and Derek survive, and they suspect that his stepfather, Mitchell Toblat, is a werewolf. When Charlie meets Derek and Sam, they decide to collect evidence to prove that Mitchell is the Beast and kill him, but Mitchell discovers their plot and chases the trio.
The Big Stampede=1932-10-08=Deputy Sheriff John Steele recruits bandit Sonora Joe to help him find out who's been bumping off all the local lawmen and rustling the cattle.
David Cross: The Pride Is Back=1999-09-18=Taped in July before a live audience at the Showbox Theatre in Seattle, Cross pushes his brash humor to new extremes, offering uncensored remarks on the Virgin Mary, trendy advertising, violence in the media, airports and pornography, Dr. Kevorkian, organ donations, High Times magazine and religious fundamentalists.
Про любоff=2010-09-30=У девушки Даши, приехавшей с подругой «покорять» Москву, редкая специальность — преподаватель техники речи, а жизнь — самая обыкновенная: съемная квартира, невысокие гонорары и занятия с утра до вечера. Однажды Даша получает выгодное предложение — дать уроки преуспевающему бизнесмену Владу, участвующему в политических выборах. У героев начинается бурный роман. Но случайная встреча с женой Влада заставляет Дашу взглянуть на происходящее совсем с другой стороны. И Влад оказывается совсем не героем романа и вовсе не мужчиной мечты…
Mars et Avril=2012-10-05="Set in a futuristic environment, ""Mars et Avril"" tells the story of an elderly musician and his instrument maker who both become obsessed with the same woman. She agrees to be the model for their next musical instrument but then gets lost in a virtual world on the way to Mars."
2 Guns=2013-08-02=A DEA agent and an undercover Naval Intelligence officer who have been tasked with investigating one another find they have been set up by the mob -- the very organization the two men believe they have been stealing money from.
Millhouse=1971-01-01="Emile de Antonio's film decimates Richard Nixon and exposes him as a paranoid, power mad lunatic... de Antonio compiles (via video and film) what amounts to the ""best of"" one of the worst political figures of the 20th century. Nixon was a shameless self-promoter while trying desperately to convince everyone that he wasn't. Through Alger Hiss and the ""Checkers"" speech to the character assassination of Helen Gahagan Douglas (among others), there are few stones left unturned."
Let's Be Cops=2014-08-13=It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops.  When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party, they become neighborhood sensations.  But when these newly-minted “heroes” get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line.
Are You Scared?=2006-09-12="After waking up in an abandoned factory, six kidnapped terns realize they are contestants on a reality show called ""Are You Scared?"""
Nightmare=1964-04-19=Janet is a young student at a private school; her nights are troubled by horrible dreams in which she sees her mother, who is in fact locked in an insane asylum, haunting her. Expelled because of her persistent nightmares, Janet is sent home where the nightmares continue.
All Relative=2014-11-21=Things couldn't be going better for Harry and Grace, a young New York City couple in love, until Grace's mother turns Harry's world upside down.
National Lampoon's Last Resort=1994-04-29=Sam and Dave are living the boring life until they are beckoned to Sam's uncle's Island. When they get there (still not quite sure how that worked) they are compelled by beautiful women and a dastardly enemy of the Island. After accidentally convincing Sam's uncle to sign away rights to his island, they must somehow fix the problem.
A Warrior's Heart=2011-12-02=After his father’s death, high school lacrosse star Conor Sullivan becomes self-destructive but through a new love interest and his passion for this sport, Conor discovers the warrior within himself.
Going the Distance=2010-09-01=Erin and Garrett are very much in love. When Erin moves to San Francisco to finish her journalism degree and Garrett stays behind in New York to work in the music industry, they gamely keep the romance alive with webcams and frequent-flyer miles. But just when it seems the lovers will soon be reunited, they each score a big break that could separate them for good.
Valdez Is Coming=1971-04-09=A Mexican-American sheriff must resort to violence against a powerful rancher in order to get just compensation for the pregnant Indian widow of a wrongly killed black man.
The Inspectors=1998-09-20=U.S Postal Inspectors are called in when a suburban couple are killed by a mail bomb. Suspicion immediately falls on the couple's estranged and heavily in debt son, who also just happens to be a Navy munitions expert. But investigations reveal that he is on the run from a past event in his life that is associated with the bombings.
The Lightkeepers=2009-12-18=Set in the year 1912 on Cape Cod, a lighthouse keeper who has disavowed any association with females, must deal with the appearance of two attractive women who move into a nearby cottage for the summer.
The Bribe=1949-02-03=United States Federal agent Rigby (Robert Taylor) travels to the Central American island Carlotta to investigate a stolen aircraft engines smuggling racket.
Mumford=1999-09-24=In the small town of Mumford, a psychologist of the same name moves in and quickly becomes very popular, despite a questionable past.
Abbott and Costello Go to Mars=1953-04-05=Lester and Orville accidentally launch a rocket which is supposed to fly to Mars. Instead it goes to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. They are then forced by bank robber Mugsy and his pal Harry to fly to Venus where they find a civilization made up entirely of women, men having been banished.
Universal Soldier: The Return=1999-08-05=Luc Deveraux, the heroic former Universal Soldier, is about to be thrown into action once again. When Seth (Michael Jai White), the supercomputer controlled ultra-warrior, decides to take revenge and destroy its creators, only Luc can stop it. All hell breaks loose as Luc battles Seth and a deadly team of perfect soldiers in a struggle that pits man against machine and good against evil.
The Next Step=1997-06-13=Backstage at a Broadway show.
The Lost Missile=1958-12-01=Scientists try to stop a mysterious missile from destroying the Earth.
Mr. Jones=2013-05-02=Scott (Jon Foster) is a filmmaker in need of inspiration. He and his girlfriend Penny (Sarah Jones) move into a desolate house hoping to make a breakthrough. Then they discover their neighbor, the elusive Mr. Jones. Famous for his haunting sculptures, Mr. Jones has remained a mystery to the world. Scott and Penny, convinced that they have found the perfect film subject, sneak into his workshop and realize that their curiosity may have chilling consequences. Who is Mr. Jones?
After Hours=1985-09-13=An ordinary word processor has the worst night of his life after he agrees to visit a girl in Soho whom he met that evening at a coffee shop.
Murari=2001-02-17=Circa 1800's a Jamindar (Prakash Raj) insults Durga Devi by stealing her idol in the temple in a state of intoxication.An enraged Devi kills him and puts a curse on his heirs that she is going to take one family member each every 48 years. And one male heir dies accidentally at the end of every 48 years. And the present year denotes end of another 48 years and now it's the turn of Murari (Mahesh Babu). In another village, there lives Vasundhara (Sonali Bendre). She too lives with a big combined family.Both the families of Murari and Vasundhara are releated by blood, but separated due to the family feuds.They both fall in love and these both families makes the formal arrangement of marriage. But once his grandmother, who returns from her Teerdha Yatra, upon being informed by the family poojari that Murari is the one who would be subjected to death by Devi this year, refuses for the marriage.
பைரவா=2017-01-12=A loan recovery agent takes on a corrupt head of an educational institution to save his girlfriend.​
Der amerikanische Soldat=1970-10-09=Ricky returns to Munich from Vietnam and is promptly hired as a contract killer in Fassbinder’s subversive and experimental gangster movie.
The Life & Adventures of Santa Claus=2000-10-30=Based on the popular book by L. Frank Baum, the beloved author of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, comes the incredible story of The Life &amp; Adventures of Santa Claus.  Many centuries ago, long before toys had even been invented, a baby abandoned at the edge of an enchanted forest was adopted and raised by a beautiful wood nymph, thus beginning the life story of Santa Claus. From his first truly magical childhood through the discovery of his life's work of making children happy, discover the origin of every tradition surrounding Santa Claus, from toys, stockings and lighted trees to reindeer and sleigh. Journey back to a time of magic and wonder, and experience this heartwarming tale that will bring joy each holiday season.
Boyz n the Hood=1991-07-12=Boyz n the Hood is the popular and successful film and social criticism from John Singleton about the conditions in South Central Los Angeles where teenagers are involved in gun fights and drug dealing on a daily basis.
Sarah, Plain and Tall - Winter's End=1999-11-20=The third installment of the Sarah trilogy provides a glorious and touching story of a family drawn together by adversity. On a cold winter day a stranger shows up at the farm. He is slow to reveal his identity. When they find out he is Jacobs father, John Witting, thought long ago dead, hard questions about the past are difficult to get answered.
The Land Before Time XIII: The Wisdom of Friends=2007-11-27="After an incident which nearly cost Littlefoot's grandmother her life, Littlefoot learns a series of lessons which his species call ""Wisdoms"". Meanwhile, a trio of dim-witted Beipiaosauruses named Loofah, Doofah and Foobie arrive in the Great Valley and behave in a strange manner towards Littlefoot and the gang. Littlefoot is determined that they learn the ""Wisdoms"" and the journey to the one place the trio have dreamed of, Berry Valley, begins."
Le caporal épinglé=1962-05-23=The story serves as a companion piece to Renoir's 1937 film, Grand Illusion, once more bringing together men from across the broad social spectrum of French society to depict one man's Sisyphean efforts to escape captivity in a German POW camp.
Hungry Wives=1972-05-01=A bored, unhappy suburban housewife gets mixed up in witchcraft and murder.
Mohawk=1956-04-01=An artist working in a remote army post is juggling the storekeeper's daughter, his fiancée newly arrived from the east, and the Indian Chief's daughter. But when a vengeful settler manages to get the army and the braves at each other's throats his troubles really begin.
Dung sing sai tsau 2011=2011-11-24=Tens of millennia ago, eight gods who ceaselessly fought each other were exiled to earth. For generations, they have been reincarnated as mere mortals, and they won't be allowed back to heaven until they've learned to coexist in harmony. Then in today's Hong Kong, a mortuary beautician and her has-been singer dad are chased for a huge sum of money they don't owe. Turns out her materialistic stepmom has taken a tycoon's advance payment on the false promise of organizing a concert that she can't deliver. The family is therefore forced to go on the run, and along the way they meet an assortment of quirky people, including a mute baker, a kung fu cab driver, an aspiring musician and her crafty sidekick. Through a series of comic misadventures, the seven of them come to realize that they used to be gods and have a mission in this life, but...who is the eighth god that has yet to rejoin them?
The Beach Boys: An American Family=2000-02-27="This movie re-creates the life stories of the members of the rock group ""The Beach Boys. The film focuses primarily on the Wilson brothers and their parents, but also includes stories about the rest of members of the band. A two-part television movie special."
Of Mice and Men=1992-09-16=Two drifters, one a gentle but slow giant, try to make money working the fields during the Depression so they can fulfill their dreams.
I Am Here=2014-09-30=Successful businesswoman Maria has achieved everything except what she wants the most - a baby of her own. She decides to deal with the matter by herself and embarks on a desperate and dangerous journey in order to make her dream come true.
The East=2013-05-31=An operative for an elite private intelligence firm finds her priorities irrevocably changed after she is tasked with infiltrating an anarchist group known for executing covert attacks upon major corporations.
Curse of the Crimson Altar=1968-12-01=When his brother disappears, Robert Manning pays a visit to the remote country house he was last heard from. While his host is outwardly welcoming - and his niece more demonstrably so - Manning detects a feeling of menace in the air with the legend of Lavinia Morley, Black Witch of Greymarsh, hanging over everything.
The Hollywood Revue of 1929=1929-11-23=An all-star revue featuring MGM contract players.
The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne=1987-12-23=A penniless middle-aged spinster scrapes by giving piano lessons in the Dublin of the 1950s. She makes a sad last bid for love with a fellow resident of her rundown boarding house, who imagines she has the money to bankroll the business he hopes to open.
Joyful Noise=2012-01-13=G.G. Sparrow faces off with her choir's newly appointed director, Vi Rose Hill, over the group's direction as they head into a national competition.
Lumumba=2000-05-13=The true story of the rise to power and brutal assassination of the formerly vilified and later redeemed leader of the independent Congo, Patrice Lumumba. Using newly discovered historical evidence, Haitian-born and later Congo-raised writer and director Raoul Peck renders an emotional and tautly woven account of the mail clerk and beer salesman with a flair for oratory and an uncompromising belief in the capacity of his homeland to build a prosperous nation independent of its former Belgium overlords. Lumumba emerges here as the heroic sacrificial lamb dubiously portrayed by the international media and led to slaughter by commercial and political interests in Belgium, the United States, the international community, and Lumumba's own administration; a true story of political intrigue and murder where political entities, captains of commerce, and the military dovetail in their quest for economic and political hegemony.
Assassin's Creed: Lineage=2009-10-25=Giovanni is an assassin living during the Renaissance in 15th century Italy. At this dawn of a new era, a conspiracy is being plotted by one corrupt family to overthrow the powerful Medici family and destroy a unified Italy. As an assassin, Giovanni must face this threat and bring justice. The story introduces the situation before Assassin's Creed II, and the enemies of both characters.
Big Time=1988-09-15=Bringing his unique sense of humor to this bizarre and original piece of moviemaking, Tom Waits takes the audience through a musical journey with his jazzy, quirky, bluesy tunes presented as you would never, ever, ever expect.
Good Night, and Good Luck.=2005-09-16=The story of journalist, Edward R Murrow's stand against Senator McCarthy's anti-communist witch-hunts in the early 1950s.
Black Butterflies=2011-02-06="Confronted by Apartheid and a father who was Minister of Censorship, Ingrid Jonker searched for a home, searched for love. With men like Jack Cope and André Brink she found much love, but no home. Later, in his first speech to the South African Parliament Nelson Mandela read her poem ""The Dead Child of Nyanga"" and addressed her as one of the finest poets of South Africa."
Cuore di cane=1976-01-23=Professor Preobrazhensky puts courageous experiences, trying to turn a dog in equal to in all of the person. As a result somebody turns out Doggies. Unfortunately, experience proves that it is better for dog to remain a dog.
De Laatste Zomer=2007-07-04=Four good friends, all seventeen-year old, lose their innocence during their last summer together. Flanders 1996. Rik, Tim, Roel and Bart aimlessly wile away the summer days in a small village where nothing exciting ever happens. When Rik becomes fascinated by the mysterious Sandrine, the boy's friendship comes under increasing pressure. Their reckless behaviour lands the boys in a web of intrigue, which they have a hard time escaping from.
Den siste revejakta=2008-08-29=The decade of the hippies is at an end and the 80's are approaching fast. Carl and Robert are two doped out guys who lives in harmony with the world around them and let life pass by in an eternal hash high. They have been peddling hashish for a decade, hitting an all time high with this last batch: 45 Kilos of pure, high grade Nepalese Hashish. Following the delivery, the police are on their tail.
Tru Love=2013-10-04=TRU, 37, is a serial bed-hopping lesbian who cannot commit to a relationship or a job for long...that is, until she meets ALICE, 60, a beautiful widow, who has come to town at the last minute to visit her daughter, SUZANNE, 35, a too-busy corporate lawyer and Tru's friend. Alice and Tru begin to forge an unlikely friendship...and more. Suzanne, who has a deeply conflicted relationship with her mother and a complicated past with Tru, becomes increasingly alarmed at the growing bond between Tru and her mother. Tensions escalate after Suzanne witnesses an intimate moment between them. She tries to sabotage the budding romance, but it backfires, as Tru Love is hard to contain.
Armadillo=2010-05-27=ARMADILLO is an upfront account of growing cynicism and adrenaline addiction for young soldiers at war. Mads and Daniel are on their first mission in Helmand, Afghanistan. Their platoon is stationed in Camp Armadillo, right on the Helmand frontline, fighting tough battles against the Taliban. The soldiers are there to help the Afghan people, but as fighting gets tougher and operations increasingly hairy, Mads, Daniel and their friends become cynical, widening the gap between themselves and the Afghan civilisation. Mistrust and paranoia set in causing alienation and disillusion. Armadillo is a journey into the soldier’s mind and a unique film on the mythological story of man and war, staged in its contemporary version in Afghanistan.
The Strange Affair=1968-08-22=When rookie P.C. Strange falls for an under aged girl, he is unknowingly compromised by a pair of pornographers. Meanwhile, seasoned Det. Pierce is out to catch mob boss Quince and soon both plots intertwine.
Little Women=1933-11-24="Little Women is a ""coming of age"" drama tracing the lives of four sisters: Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy. During the American Civil War, the girls father is away serving as a minister to the troops. The family, headed by thier beloved Marmee, must struggle to make ends meet, with the help of their kind and wealthy neighbor, Mr. Laurence, and his high spirited grandson Laurie."
Good People=2014-09-26=Tom and Anna Wright, a young American couple, fall into severe debt while renovating Anna's family home in London. As the couple faces the loss of their dream to have a house and start a family, they discover that the tenant in the apartment below them is dead, and he's left behind a stash of cash—$400,000 worth. Though initially hesitant, Tom and Anna decide that the plan is simple: all they have to do is quietly take the money and use only what's necessary to get them out of debt. But when they start spending the money and can't seem to stop, they find themselves the target of a deadly adversary—the thief who stole it—and that's when very bad things start happening to good people.
Neighbor=2009-07-28=A mysterious new girl arrives in posh suburban neighborhood and quickly sets out to terrorize the town. As she starts breaking into homes and torturing the occupants, they begin to realize that she isn't just another girl next door.
Kangaroo Jack=2003-01-17=Two childhood friends, a New York hairstylist and a wanna-be musician, get mixed-up with the mob and are forced to deliver $50,000 to Australia, but things go all wrong when the money is lost to a wild kangaroo.
Dinner at Eight=1933-08-29=Social climbing Millicent and Oliver Jordan throw a dinner for a bunch of New York society types, each of whom has much to reveal.
Mind Game=2004-08-07=The film follows Nishi, a loser who has a crush on his childhood girlfriend. After an encounter with the Japanese mafia, the film follows Nishi as he journeys to heaven and back, and ends up trapped in an even more unlikely place.
விருமாண்டி=2004-02-26=A reporter researching the death penalty in India is recounted the story of a farm owner Virumandi whose role in a clan feud between Naicker and Kothalla Devar leads him to death row. As the story unfolds, there is a riot in the jail, and the only one who can get the reporter safely out of the prison is Virumandi.
L'aube du monde=2009-05-27=The Mesopotamian Marshes, at the delta of the Euphrates and Tigris rivers, in the south of Iraq. This is where Mastour and Zahra grow up. Shortly after their marriage, Mastour and Zahra are forced to separate when the Gulf War breaks out. On the battlefield, Mastour befriends Riad, a young soldier from Baghdad. Mortally wounded, Mastour makes Riad promise to protect Zahra when the war is over. When Riad arrives in the village, he falls deeply in love with Zahra. But unable to bear the loss of her husband, Zahra shuts herself off. In this completely foreign environment that is hostile to this newcomer, and as a new conflict is on the verge of inflaming the whole area, Riad will do the impossible to find his place.
I Love Sarah Jane=2008-01-01=Ah, young love. The air seems clearer. The sun seems brighter. There's a spring in the step. Too bad about the zombie apocalypse.
Across the Sea of Time=1995-10-20=A young Russian boy, Thomas Minton, travels to New York as a passenger on a Russian freighter. Close to Ellis Island he gets off and thus starts his journey to America the same way as all immigrants in former times. Thomas is searching for the family of one of his ancestors, who had emigrated decades ago, but once sent a letter home together with a sample of his new profession: 3D-Photography. The boy follows his relative's traces by counter-checking the old 3D-Photographs of New York (using an antique viewer) with the same places and how they look today. This way, the audience gets to see the Big Apple in former times as well as today.
Monster High: 13 Wishes=2013-10-08=It’s a new school year at Monster High™, and the little sister of Clawdeen Wolf™, Howleen, is determined to be more fangtastic than ever.  Her dream of popularity turns out to be easier than anyone imagined when she stumbles upon a genie named Gigi Grant™ who grants her not 3, but 13 Wishes!  But the ghouls quickly learn to be s-careful what you wish for because each wish comes with a dark side, and soon the student disem-body of Monster High™ is turned upside-down!  Join Frankie Stein™, Clawdeen Wolf™, Draculaura™ and the rest of their creeperiffic ghoulfriends as they journey deep inside the magic lantern to save the very soul of Monster High™… while flashing their killer style every step of the way!
Das Boot=1981-09-16=A German submarine hunts allied ships during the Second World War, but it soon becomes the hunted. The crew tries to survive below the surface, while stretching both the boat and themselves to their limits.
Fled=1996-07-19=During a routine prison work detail, convict Piper is chained to Dodge, a cyberhacker, when gunfire breaks out. Apparently, the attack is related to stolen money that the Mafia is after, and some computer files that somebody wants desperately to bury. The pair, who don't exactly enjoy each other's company, escape and must work together if they are to reach Atlanta alive. Luckily, they meet a woman who may be willing to help them.
Den sommeren jeg fylte 15=1976-03-04=The story Peter is telling the about a special summer, when he is invited over to summer holiday from bickering parents, to his aunt and uncle in the country. He's been there before, but this summer was quite one to remember.
Dimples=1936-10-08="Shirley Temple lives with the pick-pocket grandfather in 19th century New York City. She entertains the crowds while he works his racket. A rich lady makes it possible for the girl to go legit. ""Uncle Tom's Cabin"" is performed."
First Target=2000-01-01=The Secret Service attempts to prevent an elaborately plotted assassination attempt on the President.
Siccîn 2=2015-07-10="While maintaining a happy marriage with Adnan Hijri 2-year-old son lost their lives in an accident will be picked up. They had continued to live in the same home are no longer strangers. Hicran on top of it also begins to live that can not be explained by events in psychology is further distorted. Eventually a woman goes to a teacher and her second blood ""41 stitches"" learned that they called a spell. Known as the most powerful magic of ""41 stitches magic"" it can be made ​​in 41 different faith. Hicran magic is to find the person who intends to solve and 41 from the intent of which is essential for learning. This search will bring face to face the facts could not even imagine it."
فرش وغطا=2013-09-10=In one of the most extraordinary nights in the history of Egypt, the prisons were suddenly opened, leaving thousands of prisoners wandering the desert. Among them was one man trying to find his way in a city that is rapidly changing for good.
紅衣小女孩=2015-11-17=A story about a video of a group of people going hiking and a mysterious little girl in a red dress following them.
Иван Царевич и Серый Волк 2=2013-12-26="The continuation of a funny adventures of the heroes from ""Ivan Tsarevich i Seryy Volk""."
Junun=2015-10-09=Paul Thomas Anderson joined his close friend and collaborator Jonny Greenwood on a trip to Rajasthan in northwest India, where they were hosted by the Maharaja of Jodhpur, and he brought his camera with him. Their destination was the 15th-century Mehrangarh Fort, where Greenwood was recording an album with Israeli composer Shye Ben Tzur and an amazing group of musicians.
Totally Fucked Up=1993-01-12="Life really sucks for a group of gay and lesbian teenagers living in Los Angeles. Their parents kicked them out, they're broke and bored, their lovers cheat on them, and they're harassed by fag-bashers. If things are going to be this way, maybe suicide isn't a bad idea; at least not in the mind of Andy, our major protagonist, who gives the film its title by describing himself as ""totally fucked up""."
The Wrong Guys=1988-05-13=Five former cub scouts have a reunion and go camping on the mountain they never conquered. High jinks ensue due to their childhood enemies and a group of escaped convicts who mistake them for an FBI unit.
The Big Steal=1949-07-09=Army Lieutenant Halliday, accused of stealing the Army payroll, pursues the real thief on a frantic chase through Mexico aided by the thief's ex-girlfriend and is in turn being chased by his accuser, Capt. Blake.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets=2002-11-13=Ignoring threats to his life, Harry returns to Hogwarts to investigate – aided by Ron and Hermione – a mysterious series of attacks.
La Fille de nulle part=2013-02-06=Michel, a retired math teacher, has lived alone since his wife’s death and occupies his time writing an essay about the beliefs that shape daily life. One day he comes across Dora, a young homeless woman, who shows up injured on his doorstep, and puts her up until she recovers. Her presence brings something new to Michel’s life, but gradually the apartment becomes the site of mysterious happenings.
Les branleuses=2011-07-06=« Don't knock masturbation, it's sex with someone I love » would say Woody Allen in this entertaining film, an exploration of an intimate female’s pleasure, that of masturbation. It is, no doubt, a topic that bothers. Yet, sex is all over the media, we talk about it more freely every day, but on the subject of feminine pleasure people come up with all sorts of crazy theories, so much so that the truth gets lost in the noise.  Honesty is the main thread of the photographer-director’s quest along the confidences and analyses she gathers amongst friends, artists, researchers and scientists.
Roger Dodger=2002-05-09=After breaking up with his lover and boss, a smooth-talking man takes his teenaged nephew out on the town in search of sex.
Dorian Blues=2004-01-01=Dorian realizes he is gay in his final year of high school. He meets another gay youth locally, but remains confused. He starts therapy, then resorts to confession in the Church, and finally comes out to his brother. Dorian then decides to come out to his father; he gets kicked out of the house.
Amor a primera visa=2013-10-05=Rachel is an intelligent, modern-day woman constantly on the move. Primarily focused on her career as a diplomatic consul for the U.S. embassy, she's literally lived her life on the move, globe-trotting from city to city. Currently working in Mexico City and set to leave for London, Rachel's world turns upside down on the eve of her own goodbye party when she gets drunk and passes out on the street. Saved by Alejandro, a handsome Mariachi singer and single father, Rachel wakes up in his apartment with no recollection of how she got there. Nor does she remember that she rejected his visa the day before, which he desperately needs for his daughter. Romance unexpectedly blossoms between the two, but either sparks or fists will fly after she finds out his secret.
UHF=1989-07-21=The eccentric new manager of a UHF television channel tries to save the station from financial ruin with an odd array of programming.
The Hand that Rocks the Cradle=1992-01-10=A suburban family chooses seemingly sweet Peyton Flanders as their newborn's nanny. Only much later does the infant's mother, Claire Bartel, realize Peyton's true intentions -- to destroy Claire and replace her in the family. The nail-biting suspense builds quickly in this chilling psychological thriller about deception and bitter revenge.
G.O.R.A.=2004-11-12=A slick young Turk kidnapped by extraterrestrials shows his great « humanitarian spirit » by outwitting the evil commander-in-chief of the planet of G.O.R.A.
56 Up=2012-05-14=When a cross-section of seven-year-olds were interviewed for 7 Up in 1964 it was immediately evident that their social backgrounds influenced their attitudes towards life. While the upper class children were confident and self-assured, those from middle and working class backgrounds were resigned to a challenging life of hard work. This premise was put to the test every seven years when the same group were interviewed about the progression of their lives. 49 years in the making, the changes that occurred to the original 14 make for fascinating television and are in many ways the stories of all our lives. From success and disappointment, marriage and childbirth, to poverty and illness, nearly every facet of life has been captured on film. Now, at the age of 56, the group are once more brought together and, with the benefit of hindsight, assess whether their lives have been ruled by circumstance or self-determination.
Exponerad=1971-08-23=Young Lena is trapped in a complex situation of sex and lies.
鬼神伝=2011-01-01=A spectacular journey of an unwilling young hero thrust into a mysterious past full of monsters, dragons, and strange hidden powers. Through a series of out of this world battles and adventures, Jun, a shy middle school boy, is transformed into a hero destined to battle evil and ensure harmony and tranquility in the world.
東京の宿=1935-11-21=Kihachi, an unemployed worker, wanders around the industrial flatlands of Tokyo's Koto district with his two young sons, Zenko and Masako. He is unable to find a job and has to rely on his sons catching stray dogs to earn reward money for their meals. As days go by, Kihachi and the boys no longer have enough money to stay at an inn for the night. Luckily for him, he encounters an old friend, Otsune, who finds him a job and allows them to stay at her eatery house.
Monstrosity=1963-09-01=A rich but unscrupulous old woman plots with a scientist to have her brain implanted in the skull of a sexy young woman.
Hand Gun=1994-10-01=Jack is in the midst of a major robbery, which leaves him injured and his accomplices dead. Jack manages to hide the $500,000 from the robbery before he makes his way to his death bed.
Cyborg X=2016-05-17=After X-Corp, a radical weapons manufacturer, is taken over by a Cyber Virus, a group of survivors must fight to save humanity from the army of Machines the Virus now controls.
Paparazzi=1998-04-29=Franck shows up in a gossip magazine photo behind a brawling TV star at a football match.
Unguarded=2011-11-01="Chris Herren was a ""can't miss"" basketball superstar until drug addiction eventually destroyed his career. With the support of his wife and family, Herren struggles to conquer his demons and reclaim his life."
How Bruce Lee Changed the World=2009-05-17=More than just a biography, this film explores Bruce Lee's global impact to see how he has influenced all areas of popular culture including fitness, cinema, music, sport, dance, video games and philosophy. A journey across the United States, Asia and Europe, takes Shannon Lee on a trip back to her father's roots in Hong Kong and China. With unique access to the family's photographic archive, home movies and all material owned by the Bruce Lee Foundation.
Popcorn=2007-03-02=Too insecure to approach the girl of his dreams, Danny takes a job at the local multiplex where she works
Królik po berlinsku=2009-04-29=The untold story about wild rabbits which lived between the Berlin Walls. For 28 years Death Zone was their safest home. Full of grass, no predators, guards protecting them from human disturbance. They were closed but happy. When their population grew up to thousands, guards started to remove them. But rabbits survived and stayed there. Unfortunately one day the wall fell down. Rabbits had to abandon comfortable system. They moved to West Berlin and have been living there in a few colonies since then. They are still learning how to live in the free world, same as we - the citizens of Eastern Europe.
The Grudge 2=2006-10-13=In Tokyo, a young woman is exposed to the same mysterious curse that afflicted her sister. The supernatural force, which fills a person with rage before spreading to its next victim, brings together a group of previously unrelated people who attempt to unlock its secret to save their lives.
奪命金=2011-10-20=A criminal, a bank clerk and a police officer find their destinies entwined when a loan shark gets assaulted after having withdrawn $10 million from the bank in the midst of the world financial crisis.
Man of the Forest=1933-08-24=Beasley, who is after Gayner's land, plans to kidnap his daughter. But Dale overhears their plan and kidnaps her himself. When Gayner arrives to retrieve his daughter, Beasley kills him and makes the Sheriff arrest Dale for the murder.
Behind Enemy Lines II: Axis of Evil=2006-10-17=Navy SEALS, headed by Lt. Bobby James, are dispatched to North Korea on a covert mission, all in an effort to take out a missile site...
Rubble Kings=2015-06-19=Through archival footage Nicholson tells the story of the real Warriors that walked the streets of New York City in the 1970s and the harsh reality of gang life in a city that seemed to be falling apart.
Drums Across the River=1954-06-01=When whites hunger after the gold on Ute Indian land, a bigoted young man finds himself forced into a peacekeeping role.
Night Watch=1973-11-08=Ellen Wheeler, a rich widow, is recovering from a nervous breakdown. One day, while staring out the window, she witnesses a murder. But does anybody believe her?
Cam-Girl=2016-12-20=Gessica, a single mother who works as a webcam stripper is pushed to her limit when held hostage by an unknown gunman.
Metropolis=2001-05-26=Duke Red has overseen the construction of a massive Ziggurat to extend his power across the whole planet. Tima, a robot-girl built in the image of his deceased daughter, is at the core of these plans. However, after escaping the Duke's clutches in a laboratory fire, she meets and befriends Kenichi, a boy who's traveled to Metropolis with his detective uncle in search of a scientist wanted for organ trafficking. Will her relationship with Kenichi, and the realization of the truth of her existence, change her destiny?
Dao=1995-12-21=A young man adopted by a renowned swordsmith, discovers that his real father was killed by a powerful bandit called Lung. Leaving to seek revenge, he runs foul of a group of vicious desert scum, losing his right arm in the process. After being nursed back to health, he eventually learns to compensate for his loss and returns to confront the man who murdered his father.
Chega de Saudade=2007-11-25=An evening in an old time dance hall in Sao Paulo introduces us to local characters who reminisce about the past, wonder about the future, have fun, flirt, fight and, of course, dance. Its earthy humour and eternal themes of ageing, loneliness and desire is an antidote to grumpy old men and women everywhere.
Trois souvenirs de ma jeunesse=2015-05-20=Paul is preparing to leave Tajikistan, while thinking back on his adolescent years. His childhood, his mother's madness, the parties, the trip to the USSR where he lost his virginity, the friend who betrayed him and the love of his life.
Baxter, Vera Baxter=1977-06-08="Vera Baxter (Claudine Gabay) is talking to a woman in a bar. It seems that the woman was attracted to her by hearing her name called out: ""Baxter, Vera Baxter."" In response to her new friend's queries, Vera recounts the story of her life, beginning with marrying her no-good husband Cayre (Gerard Depardieu), who has been using her for some time as a kind of unpaid prostitute in order to keep his failing building business afloat."
The Bullfighters=1945-05-01=Bumbling detective Stan Laurel disguises himself as a famous matador in order to hide from the vengeful Richard K. Muldoon, who spent time in prison on Stan's bogus testimony.
L!fe Happens=2011-06-18=A comedy centered on two best friends, Kim and Deena, who fight to maintain normalcy in their lives after Kim gets pregnant and has a baby.
Bionicle: The Legend Reborn=2009-08-24=Once the ruler of an entire universe, the Great Spirit Mata Nui finds himself cast out of his own body, his spirit trapped inside the fabled Mask of Life, hurtling through space. After landing on the far-away planet of Bara Magna, the mask creates a new body for Mata Nui, who unwillingly gets caught up in the furious battles of the nearly barren and dangerous planet.
An Officer and a Gentleman=1982-07-28=Zack Mayo is a young man who has signed up for Navy Flight School. He is a Navy brat who has a bad attitude problem. Sgt. Foley is there to train and evaluate him and will clearly find Zack wanting. Zack meets Paula, a girl who has little beyond family and must decide what it is he wants to do with his life.
Mayıs Sıkıntısı=1999-12-10=This is a movie within a movie, about a director, Muzaffer, who goes back to his hometown to make a film using a cast of local people (based on the director Ceylan's first feature, Kasaba). While Muzaffer is around, his mother complains about simple health problems, his father is in a legal fight against the government for his land, his cousin leaves his job to help Muzaffer who promises to find him work in Istanbul, and his little cousin Ali tries to carry an egg in his pocket for forty days so that he'll get the watch of his dreams. In the meantime, they form the cast for Muzaffer's movie as well.
Ciao! Manhattan=1973-04-19=The very sad tale of Socialite &amp; Warhol Muse Edie Sedgwick (1943-1971) who effectively plays herself in this odd Film, it follows her life in a large part from the time she left Warhol's 'Factory' and what the life of excess drugs did to her sanity, Edie was such a beautiful Fragile girl - who finally got her head together and got married (her wedding day video is edited into the end of the movie) but it was too late, her husband woke up on a Morning in November 1971 and found her dead beside him, she had died in her sleep from overdosing on her medication she was 28.
Padre nuestro=2007-10-05=A Mexican boy smuggles himself to Brooklyn to meet his long-lost father - only to have his identity stolen upon arrival by an impostor who seeks to steal the fathers' fortune.
La soupe aux choux=1981-12-02=2 buddy farmers are visited by aliens who like their domestic cabbage soup.
羅生門=1950-12-26=In ancient Japan a crime take place as told from three different travelers who have experienced the crime: a man being killed and his wife being raped. Which if any of the stories is true? An Akira Kurosawa film about morals, truth, and communication.
Becoming Jane=2007-03-02=A biographical portrait of a pre-fame Jane Austen and her romance with a young Irishman.
Kaidan Yukijorô=1968-04-20=A master sculptor and his apprentice are trapped in a bad snow storm after finding a special tree for carving a statue for the local temple. Finding refuge in an abandoned hut they celebrate their luck in finding the tree but soon they are visited by the Snow Witch who freezes the sculptor to death but takes pity on the apprentice. He must promise to never speak of this or she'll return and kill him.
Ten Thousand Bedrooms=1957-04-03=In this musical-comedy, Dean Martin plays an American hotel mogul who becomes smitten with a young Italian woman (Anna Maria Alberghetti) when buying a hotel in Rome. To marry this gal, he has to get her three older sisters married off.
Doppelganger=1993-03-01=A woman moves from NYC to LA after a murder, in which she is implicated. She is followed by what is apparently her evil alter- ego. She moves into a room for rent by a writer, and he begins having an affair with her, but after some strange things happen, he's not so sure if the affair is with her or her doppelganger.
Rusalochka=1976-12-17=Retelling of the classic Hans Christian Andersen fairytale 'The Little Mermaid'.
Heathers=1988-10-01="A girl who halfheartedly tries to be part of the ""in crowd"" of her school meets a rebel who teaches her a more devious way to play social politics: by killing the popular kids."
Jet Boy=2001-09-30=Dave Schultz' feature debut Jet Boy is a drama about a boy attempting to figure out his future. Nathan (Branden Nadon) goes on a search to find his father after his mother dies of a drug overdose. Nathan has been prostituting himself in order to get by when he befriends Boon Palmer (Dylan Walsh). In Dylan, Nathan sees his possible future. In Nathan, Dylan sees a chance to rectify his past.
Left Behind=2000-10-30=Rayford Steele is an airline pilot whose relationship with his wife has gone sour;he ponders having an affair with an attractive flight attendant, Hattie Durham. In the midst of a flight to London, a number of their passengers mysteriously disappear, and chaos takes hold as a number of vehicles on the ground and in the air are suddenly unmanned. Meanwhile, Buck Williams, a television journalist, is pondering the rash of sudden disappearances as he works on a report about Dr. Chaim Rosenzweig, an Israeli scientist who has devised a formula that would make any soil on earth easy to cultivate. However, Buck wonders if there's more to Rosenzweig than he first imagined when he discovers the doctor is in cahoots with two multi-millionaires who plan to broker the invention to promote their own agenda of international domination.
